{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Bold;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red139\green93\blue0;\red0\green108\blue175;\red186\green124\blue93;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Laura and Evan met at a coffee shop at a middle point between Naperville and Highland Park. They wanted to be sure there was no chance Maggie would run into them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan brought the scholarship paperwork with him. The paperwork included an authorization document for Laura to sign, a congratulatory letter to Maggie notifying her she was the recipient of the \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93McCarthy Irish American Culinary Scholarship,\u8221\'94 and a cashier\u8217\'92s check for $15,000.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Laura signed the document giving her full authority as the selection committee. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>Laura: <!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Evan, this is a lot of money. I gotta ask. Are you rich?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Evan looked down, almost embarrsed by his wealth. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Nah, I don\u8217\'92t consider myself rich. You may be surprised to hear this, but my monthly expenses are probably lower than yours or Maggie\u8217\'92s. My home and car are paid off. When I\u8217\'92m not using it, I rent out my mountain cabin retreat. So that\u8217\'92s profitable for me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>Laura: <!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If you don\u8217\'92t mind me asking, how long does it take you to earn $15,000?\u8221\'94 asked Laura.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>Evan: <!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0 "Liz takes a salary from the foundation since she handles the daily stuff. I don't, mostly because I focus on volunteer work for the foundation. Besides, since I don't take a salary, I have the freedom to escape to my cabin whenever I'm feeling the need to get away.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>Laura<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  (interrupts, imaging the wonderment of it all) : \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You're living my dream life!" (she paused  to enjoy the dream, then continued)  \u8220\'93If you don't take a salary, how you make money?}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>Evan: <!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93My income's from company profits... It varies, but it takes a week or two to make that amount. And that comes whether I work or not." Evan paused, then added, "I'd much rather see the money help Maggie stay in school than sit in the bank doing nothing."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>Laura: <!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Wow, I had no idea. So, what\u8217\'92s the next step?\u8221\'94 asked Laura.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>Evan: <!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0 Evan handed Laura the recipient letter and gave her instructions. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Make sure you\u8217\'92re the one to check the mail tomorrow morning. Add this to the mail, and make sure Maggie is the one to open it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>Laura: <!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Evan, look at this envelope. You didn\u8217\'92t even put a stamp on it. We have to be sharper than this if we expect this plan to work,\u8221\'94 said Laura.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>Evan: <!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re right. I didn\u8217\'92t even think of that. Can you take care of that for me?\u8221\'94 asked Evan.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>Laura: <!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, I\u8217\'92ll make sure it has a stamp. I want you to be there when Maggie opens it. Why don\u8217\'92t you come over early before the Christmas eve party? I think it\u8217\'92s best if it\u8217\'92s just us three in the room when she opens the mail.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>Evan: <!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No problem. Just text me when you want me to leave my house. Do you think there\u8217\'92s any chance this will work?\u8221\'94 asked Evan.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>Laura: <!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Honestly? I don\u8217\'92t think we have a chance in hell of pulling this off. I don\u8217\'92t know what else to do but try.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>Evan: <!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I think you\u8217\'92re right. We should both spend some time tonight thinking about what we\u8217\'92ll say if she catches on. If all else fails, we can use an old reliable, last-resort tactic that\u8217\'92s worked for me in similar situations.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>Laura: <!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What tactic?\u8221\'94 asked Laura.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>Evan: <!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We will tell her, if the situation were reversed, she would gladly do the same for me. And she would want me to accept the scholarship gift.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>Laura: <!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0 Laura said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Perfect! Anything else you need for me?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>Evan: <!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Not that I can think of."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>Laura: <!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, then\u8230\'85 Operation Scholarship\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Phase 2 complete!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan and Laura laughed and high-five each other.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b0\i1\cf6 [ Feel free to write a compelling end to this scene if you have one in mind. We want the reader to be excited to find out how the next phase of this plan plays out. If you think it's best just to end on Laura's comments, that's fine with me too.}
\par\plain \f2\fs22\b0\i1\cf6
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i1\cf6 I like the idea of adding the sentiment to the end of the scene something like, "Evan was nervous about the following day, when Liz would receive the scholarship, but wondering if his plan was just crazy enough to work.  }{\f2\fs22\b0\i1\cf6 ]}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i1\cf6 <!$Scr_Ps::2>}}