{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Bold;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red186\green124\blue93;\red139\green93\blue0;\red0\green108\blue175;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0>[  In the rough draft scene, I didn't put dialogue tags in every paragraph. Instead of everything as is and making you decipher who was speaking, I'll put in the name followed by a colon, ex: Evan: before each line of dialogue just to make sure that you know who's speaking. }
\par\plain \f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 Feel free to change all the dialogue, but don't stray too far from its intent. In my rough draft, sometimes my dialogue paragraphs go on too long. And my scenes also left the little details, like sipping coffee, drying a dish, etc. to engage the reader. Add those as much as needed.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 ]}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 <!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Laura was anxiously waiting for Evan to arrive. He didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t want to come over until he was certain Maggie was busy working the dinner rush. For his plan to work, there had to be no chance Maggie would walk in during his conversation with Laura.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Laura watched through the window as Evan parked his car. She had the door already open when he arrived. Laura closed the door after Evan entered and proceeded to whack him in the arm.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs28\b1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Laura: <!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 Laura said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s for making me wait all week without telling me anything!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 Evan laughed and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I didn\u8217\'92t want to say anything until I was sure we could pull it off.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs28\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Laura: <!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We? Pull what off?\u8221\'94 asked Laura.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 They walked to the kitchen table, and Evan pulled out his laptop and started it up.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs28\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Evan: <!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I am going to need your help with this, but I have to warn you we may have to lower our standards of integrity and stretch the truth a bit. Are you up for that?\u8221\'94 asked Evan.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs28\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Laura: <!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Will it keep Maggie in school?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs28\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Evan: <!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Not only that, but it will help cover her monthly expenses, so she won\u8217\'92t have to work more hours.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs28\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Laura: <!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then, I\u8217\'92ll do whatever it takes,\u8221\'94 said Laura.}
\par\pard\plain \tx9000\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf6 \~\tab }
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch \f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6
\par\plain {\f2\fs28\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Evan: <!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I came up with an idea how we can get Laura to accept the $15,000 needed to get her through graduation.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs28\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Laura: <!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How do you plan to pull that miracle off?\u8221\'94 asked Laura.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A scholarship!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs28\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Laura: <!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Explain, please?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs28\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Evan: <!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I have a great attorney. I told him we were in a rush, and so he told me exactly what to do. Please don\u8217\'92t ask me to explain the details \endash  I\u8217\'92m just trusting his advice. Are you ready?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs28\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Laura: <!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re driving me crazy, Evan. Tell me already!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs28\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Evan: <!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Here is the plan. We set up a scholarship with an anonymous benefactor. My attorney said it\u8217\'92s best to make it as specific as possible. So, I will fund the $15,000 \u8216\'91McCarthy Irish American Culinary Scholarship.\u8217\'92}
\par\plain {\f2\fs28\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Evan: <!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I told my attorney I want this to be 100% legit. He said I should keep the window for the scholarship open for a short time. I created a website where students can apply online. But I\u8217\'92m not going to advertise it. So, it\u8217\'92s almost certain Maggie will be the only one to apply. The website will describe it as a special one-time Christmas scholarship.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs28\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Laura: <!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 Laura interrupted, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I love it!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs28\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Evan: <!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The scholarship recipient will be notified by mail on Christmas Eve. The website is up and running now. I\u8217\'92ll show you how to use it in a second. We are going to open the application process for one week. Do you think you can get Maggie to fill out the online application by then?\u8221\'94 asked Evan.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs28\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Laura: <!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll make it happen!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs28\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Evan: <!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We left the terms of the scholarship very flexible. Maggie can use the money for tuition and any other expenses, as long as she attends school full-time. There is always the chance we might get other applicants. My attorney said we need to assign a selection committee, and it shouldn\u8217\'92t include me. So, I\u8217\'92ll need you to act as the selection committee. This will ensure Maggie is selected regardless of the number of applicants. My attorney said we could use any criteria we want. You\u8217\'92ll have to sign the paperwork when it\u8217\'92s ready. Are you okay with this?\u8221\'94 asked Evan.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs28\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Laura: <!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hell yeah! I\u8217\'92m so excited, Evan. This is a genius idea!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs28\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Evan: <!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We can\u8217\'92t let Maggie know, at least, until it\u8217\'92s too late for her to reject the scholarship. Once I fund this, that money must go to an Irish American culinary student. If she refuses it, the money can\u8217\'92t come back to me, and you will have to choose another recipient.\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Laura could not be more excited with Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s idea. Laura\u8217\'92s enthusiasm was not limited to her optimism of the plan\u8217\'92s success, but also because she would play an integral role in its execution.}
\par\plain \f3\fs20\b0\i0}