{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red163\green101\blue209;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Maggie exited Union Station into the early evening bustle. The Willis Tower gleamed overhead, marking the direction of Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s office. Should she splurge on a cab? }{\f1\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>I\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92ve got time,<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  she reasoned, glancing at her watch. Tapping the address into her GPS, she scoffed at the estimated walking time. Ten blocks was nothing. The never-worn designer heels she borrowed from Laura, however...She grimaced, then squared her shoulders. }{\f1\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>Who needs a taxi?<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 The initial steps were manageable, but with each block, the shoes\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 sleek beauty transformed into exquisite torture. Chicago\u8217\'92s sidewalks, cracked and uneven, became an obstacle course. She ducked into a doorway, a brief respite to massage throbbing arches. Another glance at her phone. She should text Evan\u8230\'85 \u8220\'93}{\f1\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::2>On my way! Just a few more blocks.<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Halfway there, an \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93L\u8221\'94 train thundered overhead drowning out the traffic. The city felt overwhelming, its towering facades closing in. With each step, a dull ache pulsed in her feet, a premonition of the soreness that would surely follow.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 She could see Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s office building in the distance, a welcome sight promising an end to her ordeal. With every strained step, it loomed closer, a finish line after an unexpected marathon. A gust of wind lifted a strand of hair from her carefully styled updo, and she shivered slightly. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 As she entered the building\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s sleek lobby, Maggie silently regretted not taking a taxi. If she had a chance to do it again, she\u8217\'92d would\u8217\'92ve hopped in a cab, no matter the cost.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Before heading toward the elevators, Maggie slipped into the lobby restroom. The cool marble and muted lighting offered a stark contrast to the bustle outside. Automatically, she began her routine: a touch of lipstick, a smoothing of her dress, a final adjustment of her wind-blown hair. As she spritzed a touch of perfume, a touch of nervousness danced in her stomach. Meeting Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s sister, especially this early, was unexpected. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>This play has been sold out for months,<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  she thought, glancing at her reflection. }{\f1\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>I bet the tickets cost a fortune.<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  A self-reprimanding voice echoed in her mind, }{\f1\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>Remember, you promised Evan you wouldn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t worry about how much things cost.<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Taking a deep breath, she tucked the familiar worry away. One last glance in the mirror, another fortifying breath, and Laura\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s words echoed in her mind, }{\f1\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>Relax, just enjoy yourself tonight<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 .<!$Scr_Ps::0>}}