{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Bold;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red0\green108\blue175;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl312\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs26\b1\i0 Scene #41: }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Maggie Catches onto the Plan }
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\i0 ROUGH DRAFT:}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f2\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Laura and Evan entered the apartment together.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0>Laura said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Look who I found?\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan walked over to Maggie and gave her a hug and a kiss. Laura put the mail on the coffee table in front of the couch.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Evan, can you give me a hand with moving some of these chairs around?\u8221\'94 asked Laura.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 While Evan helped Laura, she whispered under her breath, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Here we go!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hey, Maggie. I think you should look through the mail. I thought I saw an important-looking envelope addressed to you,\u8221\'94 said Laura.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Important?\u8221\'94 asked Maggie.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah. Like something official.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I hope I\u8217\'92m not in trouble,\u8221\'94 said Maggie as she walked to the coffee table.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 Laura and Evan watched intently as Maggie shuffled through the mail before finding the scholarship envelope.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I wonder what this is about?\u8221\'94 asked Maggie.<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Maggie opened the scholarship envelope and silently read the letter. She reached back into the envelope and pulled out the cashier\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s check. Her entire body trembled. She dropped to the couch and sat staring at the check with tears running down her face.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0>Laura asked, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What is it, Maggie? Is everything okay?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This can\u8217\'92t be real. It says I\u8217\'92ve been awarded a scholarship, and there\u8217\'92s a cashier\u8217\'92s check with my name on it for $15,000.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 Laura walked over to Maggie and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Let me see that. This is that scholarship I told you about the other day. I had a good feeling about that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 Maggie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s tears subsided as she tried to make sense of what was happening. Maggie asked, \u8220\'93How could they pick someone so quickly?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I told you, it was a Christmas scholarship. It was for an Irish American culinary student. I think we got lucky and timed it perfectly,\u8221\'94 said Laura.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This must be a scam or something. Things like this never happen to me. Evan, come here and look at this,\u8221\'94 said Maggie as she handed the envelope, letter, and check to Evan.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93While you two look at that, I\u8217\'92ll get my laptop, and we can check out the website,\u8221\'94 said Laura.<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 To enhance the charade, Evan took his time to review the letter and the check carefully. That also gave Laura time to boot up her laptop.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I am not an expert on these things, Maggie. I certainly never received a scholarship. However, I have seen my fair share of cashier\u8217\'92s checks, and this one looks kosher to me,\u8221\'94 said Evan.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So, you\u8217\'92re telling me I can go to the bank tomorrow and cash this for $15,000?\u8221\'94 asked Maggie.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, not tomorrow because the banks are closed on Christmas. But as soon as the banks open, yes!\u8221\'94 said Evan.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 Laura butted in and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Look, Maggie. It even shows on their website. You are the official recipient of the \u8216\'91McCarthy Irish-American Culinary Scholarship.\u8217\'92\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 Maggie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s suspicions were growing. I\u8217\'92ve never heard of anything like an Irish American Culinary Scholarship. Laura handed her laptop to Maggie and said: \u8220\'93See, it\u8217\'92s right here.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 Maggie looked through the website and then proceeded to search for more information. Laura and Evan nervously looked at each other. After 10 minutes of futility searching for more information about the scholarship, Maggie looked up and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How did you even find this scholarship, Laura? I can\u8217\'92t find anything about it on the Internet. Wait a minute. Evan, hand me that envelope.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 Evan handed the scholarship envelope to Maggie. She examined it for a few seconds. She compared it to other envelopes and asked, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why is there no postmark on this envelope?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 Laura tried to sound convincing. She said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s got a stamp!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 Maggie replied, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But it should have a postmark like all these other envelopes.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 Evan knew the gig was up. Under his breath, he said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Damn postmark.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 Maggie looked at Evan and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Evan, what did you do? Please tell me this is not from you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 Evan replied, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The letter said the benefactor of the scholarship wishes to remain anonymous. I think we should honor that.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s answer did nothing to misdirect Maggie. Instead, she saw it as a clear validation that Evan was the benefactor.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Evan, you know there is no way I can accept this.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why not?\u8221\'94 asked Laura.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 The situation was becoming clearer to Maggie by the second. She said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How did you know the exact amount I needed to finish school? I never even told you I was having problems paying tuition.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 Maggie spotted the guilty expression on Laura\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face and said, \u8220\'93Oh no. Please don\u8217\'92t tell me you\u8217\'92re involved in this too?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 Laura tucked in her elbows, spread her hands out wide, smiled, and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Meet the selection committee!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I can\u8217\'92t believe this is happening. Is this why the two of you have been acting so strange the last couple of weeks?\u8221\'94 asked Maggie.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We just want to help you,\u8221\'94 said Laura.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I told you before, Laura, I\u8217\'92m not a charity case.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I didn\u8217\'92t say you were. But I see nothing wrong in accepting help from the people who love you. You work so hard and never catch a break. You deserve this! Please accept the scholarship,\u8221\'94 pleaded Laura.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 Maggie buried her face in her hands and repeated, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I can\u8217\'92t believe this is happening. You two had no right to go behind my back and set this whole thing up.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 Evan said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t let your pride sabotage your success, Maggie.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 Maggie was frustrated. She had mixed feelings about what was happening. She said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Evan, please don\u8217\'92t psychoanalyze me. We are not talking about $50 here or even $500. This is $15,000!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 Laura saw an opportunity to make a point. She said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That may be a lot of money to me and you, but Evan makes that much in just a week or two. He gets that whether he works or not.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s true. That money was just sitting in my bank doing no one any good.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You really make that much?\u8221\'94 asked Maggie.<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan nodded yes.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0>Laura added, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And he doesn\u8217\'92t have any mortgage or car payments. His monthly expenses are less than ours. So, there\u8217\'92s no reason for you not to accept this gift.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 Maggie sarcastically asked, "What are you, his accountant?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 And then let out a sound that was a combination of a sigh and a grunt.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We just wanted to help you finish something so important to you,\u8221\'94 said Evan.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s not that I don\u8217\'92t appreciate the offer and the effort from you both, but I simply can\u8217\'92t accept such a large amount of money. So, thank you, Evan, and thank you, Laura. But I am rejecting the scholarship. I want you to have your money back.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 Evan said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You can reject the scholarship if you want, but that money won\u8217\'92t come back to me. This scholarship is 100% legal and legitimate. If you don\u8217\'92t accept the scholarship, the money will have to go to another Irish American culinary student.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 Maggie looked shocked. She said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re kidding me!?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No, he\u8217\'92s not kidding. That money must go to a culinary student. Since I\u8217\'92m the sole member of the selection committee, I\u8217\'92ll have to pick someone else to receive the scholarship. Maggie, please don\u8217\'92t make me give that money to someone else,\u8220\'93 pleaded Laura.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 Maggie said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This is crazy!\u8221\'94 She stood up and walked into the kitchen.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 Laura motioned to Evan with her head to comfort Maggie. Evan hugged Maggie for several minutes while she cried. Eventually, she finished crying and gently pushed Evan away.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 She said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know how to be okay with this.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 Laura looked at Evan as to ask him if it was time for the last-resort tactic. He nodded yes. So, Laura went for it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 Laura said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I think you\u8217\'92re looking at this all wrong, Maggie. If the situation were reversed and Evan needed money to finish school, wouldn\u8217\'92t you give it to him? Wouldn\u8217\'92t you easily sacrifice two weeks of income to make such an important impact in his life?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Of course, I would. You know I would. But it\u8217\'92s $15,000, Laura!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Stop thinking of it like that. It\u8217\'92s one to two weeks of income Evan would earn if he sat on the beach the whole time. There is no reason for you not to accept this from him. And if everything were reversed, you\u8217\'92d insist he accept the money from you. Am I right or not?\u8221\'94 asked Laura, speaking with more conviction.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 Evan pulled Maggie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face up by her chin and kissed her. \u8220\'93Please accept the scholarship. I want you to have it, and you deserve it.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Maggie asked for a few minutes to gather her thoughts. Evan and Laura exchanged smiles. They were both confident Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s \u8220\'93last-resort\u8221\'94 tactic had worked. And they were right.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93All right, I\u8217\'92ll accept the scholarship,\u8221\'94 said Maggie.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 Laura squealed and jumped up and down before joining in on a three-way hug that lasted for several minutes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 Maggie looked at Evan and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I cannot accept such a large gift from you. So, we\u8217\'92re going to call this a loan. When I graduate and start earning a decent salary, I will start paying the loan back for as long as it takes me, with interest. Don\u8217\'92t even think about fighting me on this.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 Evan had prepared for Maggie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s demand. He said, \u8220\'93If you want to pay me back, you can. But may I make another suggestion? Why don\u8217\'92t you pay it forward?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Pay it forward?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes. I don\u8217\'92t need the money, and I\u8217\'92d rather see it go to someone who does. Instead of paying me back, why don\u8217\'92t you start your own culinary scholarship? The scholarship can be any amount of money. You can do $500 or $1000 a year for as long as you want. If you do an annual scholarship of $1000, 15 others will benefit.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 As usual, Laura and Evan were on the same page. Laura said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I love that idea! Why pay back someone who doesn\u8217\'92t need or want the money? Think about how much $500 or $1000 would mean to a struggling culinary student.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 That suggestion lifted Maggie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s spirits and succeeded in changing the way she viewed Evan\u8217\'92s gift. \u8220\'93That would feel like a fortune to most students. I really like that idea. I feel so much better about this now. Thank you so much! I love you two!\u8220\'93<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Laura and Evan reciprocated Maggie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s words of love and joined in another long-lasting group hug.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0>Maggie pulled back from the hug and asked, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why do I suddenly have a feeling my car repairs cost a lot more than $500?\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 With twin-like synchronicity, Evan and Laura zipped their lips, smiled, and looked away.}}