{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-BoldItalic;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Evan pulled into his driveway and cut the engine. Upon entering Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s home, Maggie slipped off her heels, a frustrated sigh escaped her lips. \u8220\'93I am never wearing those damn shoes again!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s concerned gaze swept over her. \u8220\'93I have something for your feet. Come on in \endash  have a seat in the recliner while I get you something to drink.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Maggie followed him into the house, her eyes widening slightly as she glanced around. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You have a nice place. Do you live alone?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 He nodded as he rummaged through his cabinets. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yep, just me. Now, what\u8217\'92ll it be? Beer, wine, whiskey, rum?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Maggie smiled, a mischievous glint in her eye. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll answer like my father does when asked that question.\u8221\'94 She lowered her voice, imitating her father\u8217\'92s thick Irish accent, \u8220\'93\u8216\'91Some may choose wine, but it\u8217\'92s not a favorite of mine. I prefer life a bit more risky, grab a glass and pour me some whiskey.\u8217\'92\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Evan chuckled, a warmth spreading through him at her playful mimicry. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I love it! I\u8217\'92m normally a Jack and Coke man, but for you, let\u8217\'92s break out the good stuff. How do you take yours?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Neat, please.\u8221\'94 Maggie watched him, a mixture of amusement and gratitude softening her features.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Evan returned from the kitchen, carrying Maggie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s drink and a cushioned footstool . \u8220\'93Here you go,\u8221\'94 he said, handing her her drink. He positioned a cushioned footstool in front of Maggie\u8217\'92s chair, before heading toward his bedroom. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll be right back,\u8221\'94 he called over his shoulder.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Maggie watched him disappear down a hallway, a flutter of curiosity in her chest. }{\f1\fs26\b1\i1 What\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s he up to?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 A few minutes later, he returned. His suit jacket was gone, his tie loosened, and his sleeves were rolled up to the elbows, revealing strong forearms. Evan carried a large plastic footbath, and Maggie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s curiosity deepened. He placed the footbath in front of her and sat on the footstool, a touch of formality replaced by relaxed comfort.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Let\u8217\'92s have a look at those feet. I see a few red spots, but thankfully no blisters yet. Now, put them in the water. Might sting a bit at first \endash  I added a special powder that will cool and soothe them.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I was a personal trainer in college,\u8221\'94 Evan explained, \u8220\'93and between running and hiking, I know a thing or two about sore feet. That powder has saved me and my clients a lot of pain.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 They chit-chatted as Maggie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s feet soaked, the soothing warmth easing the tension from her body. After a while, Evan retrieved a soft towel, carefully patting her feet dry. He squeezed a dollop of lotion into his hands, the scent of lavender filling the air.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You don\u8217\'92t have to do this,\u8221\'94 Maggie murmured, a flicker of unease crossing her face. \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ve done so much for me already.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t mind,\u8221\'94 Evan replied, his voice soft. \u8220\'93Besides, what kind of boyfriend would I be if I didn\u8217\'92t take care of my girlfriend\u8217\'92s sore feet?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Maggie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes flew open. A playful smile touched her lips, masking an underlying seriousness. \u8220\'93So, is that what I am then? Your girlfriend?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 A hopeful gleam flickered across Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face. \u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know. I guess I was testing the waters, hoping it sounded right.\u8221\'94 His voice softened. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92d like it to be that way, though.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I just don\u8217\'92t think I\u8217\'92m ready,\u8221\'94 Maggie said, her voice barely a whisper. \u8220\'93This is all so new... unexpected. And while I don\u8217\'92t want to see anyone else, I\u8217\'92m just... nervous about labels.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hands stilled, his expression shifting to one of sincere understanding. \u8220\'93I get it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Not wanting to dwell on Maggie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s reluctance, Evan quickly transitioned to lighthearted small talk. He continued the gentle massage, his fingers expertly working the tension from her feet, chit-chatting about their day. The minutes slipped by unnoticed, the soothing warmth of the footbath and Evan\u8217\'92s touch working their magic.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 When the massage was finished, Maggie looked up at Evan. Although a lingering hesitation about labels remained, her heart felt surprisingly light. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I should probably get changed. You said you can find something for me to wear?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan gestured towards the dining room table, where a carefully arranged stack of clothes awaited. Women\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s pajamas, cozy sweats, a warm sweatshirt, and comfortable tennis shoes were laid out, A slip of paper simply bearing the name \u8216\'91Maggie\u8217\'92, written in graceful handwriting, rested on top. A twinge of surprise washed over Maggie \endash  this was far more than a hastily assembled outfit.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 A prickle of surprise crossed her features. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, you certainly had this whole night planned out, didn\u8217\'92t you? Pretty sure of yourself, aren\u8217\'92t you?\u8221\'94 An edge of accusation tinged her otherwise gentle voice.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan chuckled at Maggie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s misinterpretation. \u8220\'93No, not at all. I honestly planned on taking you home after the play.\u8221\'94 His voice softened. \u8220\'93But after our picnic date, I realized I wanted to spend as much time with you as possible. Remember the text I sent outside my office?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Maggie nodded, not quite ready to speak. She was still processing, trying to decide if she\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d jumped to conclusions.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I noticed you and Liz are about the same size,\u8221\'94 Evan continued, \u8220\'93so I took a chance and texted her. I asked if she could bring some comfortable clothes for you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 A rush of emotion overwhelmed Maggie. Realization dawned \endash  she had misjudged Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s intentions. }{\f1\fs26\b1\i1 I was such an idiot for jumping to conclusions! He did this just to spend more time with me?}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  Her heart skipped a beat, and she felt a sudden urge to reach out and touch his arm. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh my God, Evan, that\u8217\'92s so incredibly sweet!\u8221\'94 His gesture touched her, melting away her defensiveness.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs26\b1\i0 And what about Liz? How awesome is she?}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  A genuine smile spread across her face. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Thank you so much \endash  this is amazing. And please thank Liz for me. She\u8217\'92s an angel. She didn\u8217\'92t have to go through all that trouble.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No worries,\u8221\'94 Evan reassured her. \u8220\'93Liz lives nearby and is always happy to help. And don\u8217\'92t worry about returning anything \endash  she said they\u8217\'92re yours to keep or donate.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Maggie smiled. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, at least make sure she knows how grateful I am. That was incredibly thoughtful.\u8221\'94 With a hint of amused curiosity in her voice, she asked, \u8220\'93But wasn\u8217\'92t it weird, texting your sister that I might be sleeping over?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s sincerity shone through. \u8220\'93Liz is cool about things like this. Plus, she\u8217\'92d be more worried about me driving late at night. And she knows I have a guest room \endash  she probably figures you\u8217\'92ll be staying there.\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Maggie pulled the pajamas from the small pile of clothing Liz had brought for her and followed Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s directions to the nearby bathroom. Evan ducked into his bedroom to change as well. When they reconvened in the living room, a tingling sensation flowed through Maggie at the sight of Evan in cozy sweatpants and a tight-fitting, worn-in t-shirt. He\u8217\'92d switched on the TV and pulled up his binge show.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Maggie headed toward Evan, her cheeks slightly flushed. She was wearing oversized flannel pajamas that were a stark contrast to her earlier outfit. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well,\u8221\'94 she giggled, \u8220\'93I guess we\u8217\'92ve gone from dinner date to slumber party.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan chuckled. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hey, what can I say? My sister has her own unique sense of style.\u8221\'94 He slowed his gaze, taking in all of Maggie. \u8220\'93Honestly, I think you look adorable.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Maggie felt a flutter in her chest. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Thanks,\u8221\'94 she managed, \u8220\'93You don\u8217\'92t look so bad yourself.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 The show\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s theme song blared from the TV, breaking the momentary tension. They settled onto the couch, and Evan reached out, drawing Maggie close. She smiled, leaning into him and tucking her feet beneath her. The ridiculous antics of the on-screen chefs elicited genuine laughter, and Maggie felt a deep sense of ease wash over her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 When the final episode ended, she met Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s expectant gaze. Her desire warred with a lingering unease. Disguising her inner conflict with a performative stretch and yawn, she announced, \u8220\'93I think it\u8217\'92s time we get some sleep.\u8221\'94 Sleep was the last thing on her mind, but she feared the temptation if they stayed up. Too soon, but part of her desperately wanted to give in. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan turned off the TV. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Guest room\u8217\'92s upstairs, first door on the right. There\u8217\'92s a bathroom with everything you should need.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Perfect, thanks,\u8221\'94 Maggie said and headed toward the stairs.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Before she could disappear from sight, Evan walked over to her and added, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Just so you know, my bedroom\u8217\'92s down here. I\u8217\'92ll leave my door open in case you need anything.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Maggie paused, a playful smile tugging at her lips. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That sounds like an invitation.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s grin mirrored hers. \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re not going to start begging me to sleep with you again, are you?\u8221\'94 he teased.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Maggie laughed. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Um\u8230\'85no. You give in far too easily.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I only mentioned the open door because your room is haunted,\u8221\'94 Evan said with a straight face, but a twinkle in his eye. \u8220\'93The whole house is haunted, except for my bedroom, of course.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Of course, not your bedroom,\u8221\'94 Maggie said with a playful roll of her eyes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 He feigned exaggerated concern. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The ghosts are terrible pranksters \endash  they might try to keep you awake all night.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93In that case,\u8221\'94 Maggie said, her voice dropping to a playful whisper, \u8220\'93I guess I\u8217\'92ll know where to find you if I have trouble sleeping.\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I had a wonderful time tonight,\u8221\'94 Evan confessed, a hint of a smile playing on his lips. \u8220\'93Hopefully, that was the best under $30 date you\u8217\'92ve had in a while.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Though his words were lighthearted, this date had touched her in a way none ever had. Her eyes met his, her expression softening. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Evan,\u8221\'94 she began, her voice barely a whisper, \u8220\'93that was the most amazing date I\u8217\'92ve ever had.\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 A flicker of desire passed between them. Their eyes met and held for a long moment before they shared a sweet, lingering kiss. <!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0 Finally, Maggie broke away, her eyes shining. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Goodnight, Evan.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Goodnight, Maggie.\u8221\'94 His voice held a quiet wonder.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0 With a final smile, she turned and headed upstairs to the guestroom. }}