{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Hi,}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs30\cf1 For the past several years I have been working on a book series called "Love, Annually." I am not a professional writer and have struggled with motivation to keep writing. The story is well thought out and the majority of scenes and chapters have been identified with detailed notes and summaries.}
\par\plain \f0\fs30\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs30\cf1 Last August, I started using chatGPT to help me write Book 1 of 3 in the series.  While technically this is a trilogy, I don't really think of it that way. I haven't titled the books individually just yet, I just call them Book 1, 2, and 3.}
\par\plain \f0\fs30\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs30\cf1 Book 2 is where the "Love, Annually" title and concept are introduced. I consider that the main book that I would recommend readers read 1st. Once they completed that, I would recommend they read book 3, which is the sequel. Book 1 is the back story for those who are interested in looking back and answering some questions that may not be answered in book 2 and 3. However, I'm writing this book series so that book 1 is entirely optional.}
\par\plain \f0\fs30\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs30\cf1 The reason I created a book 1 is to practice my writing. I found I was to vested in book 2 and 3 and it was causing me to be a bit of a perfectionist and get frustrated with my lack of writing skills. With the help of chatGPT and a writing coach, I vastly improve my writing and exit completed a 1st draft of book 1.}
\par\plain \f0\fs30\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs30\cf1 Instead of moving on to draft 2 of book 1, I decided I'm ready to start the main books in earnest. Between the 3 books, there is well over 300 scenes. My plan is to break them down into manageable pieces and with your assistance not them down one at a time. Currently I am planning to write the book chronologically, because I have all the scenes well developed. However, if I find that the process will be more interesting to me if I write my favorite scenes I might switch to a different mindset.}
\par\plain \f0\fs30\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs30\cf1 I haven't done much work on the book since September 2023. Can you tell me if there's been any significant upgrades or updates to chatGPT 4 since then?}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs26\b0\i0}