{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 ComicSansMS-Italic;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Bold;}{\f5\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}{\f6\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f7\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red170\green85\blue0;\red170\green64\blue101;\red76\green76\blue76;\red139\green93\blue0;\red186\green124\blue93;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1\fi-28053\li40427\lin40427}
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{circle\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9702\'3F;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1\fi-28053\li80820\lin80820}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f3\fs26\b0\i0\cf1\fi-118215\li170361\lin170361}
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{circle\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9702\'3F;}{\levelnumbers;}\f3\fs26\b0\i0\cf1\fi-118215\li340575\lin340575}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_H::2>Strictly following the instructions below, please enhance the dialogue by adding action tags and dialogue tags as necessary. If additional or modified narrative is needed to enhance the scene, you have the freedom to do so as long as you don't modify or exclude any of dialogue I provided below. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 In order to maintain consistency, I will typically, if not always include two sections when requesting for you to write a scene.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 One Section will include detailed instructions and will be titled \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Adhere to these Instructions and Guidelines when creating this part of the scene:" }
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 The other section will include the components of the scene to be created. This will include some or all of the following items; dialogue, instructions, narrative. This section will be titled \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Screen Components:"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 Please enhance the provided scene with action and dialogue tags, following these instructions:<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 Adhere to these Instructions and Guidelines when creating this part of the scene:}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch \f2\fs22\b1\i0\cf5
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li576\fi-216\sa60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1  Embedded instructions within the narrative or dialogue markers are to be used for specific actions, emotions, or detailed descriptions within the scene. These can be bracketed or in parentheses. }
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 \tab \tab Example 1: [describe in vivid detail Liz's apartment] }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 \tab \tab Example 2:  (smiling warmly)}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li576\fi-216\sa60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 When an embedded instruction is part of the dialogue marker, it may appear in parentheses instead of square brackets. }
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 \tab \tab Example 1: Chloe (angrily): \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t like that!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 \tab \tab Example 2: Evan (Looking deep into her eyes): \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Kiss me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li576\fi-216\sa60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 At times, I will just let the dialogue stand alone without any instructions. In this case, dialogue markers will be the character's name followed by a colon. }
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 \tab \tab Example: Evan: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Patti, how dare you!"}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li576\fi-216\sa60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Please incorporate all provided dialogue exactly as written, without modifications. Each line of dialogue given must be included in the scene to preserve the integrity of the characters' voices and the intended narrative flow. This requirement is crucial for maintaining consistency and authenticity within the story.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Text not enclosed in quotes or marked by embedded instructions should be treated as general narrative elements that are open for adaptation or expansion. Unlike dialogue that must be taken verbatim, you have complete freedom to modify, delete, or add to the narrative provided.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 \tab Example:}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li1080\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Evan returned to the conference room after his brief consultation with his attorney. Liz and Sarah were engaging in a farewell hug when Evan entered the conference room, causing the hug to end. Liz could see Evan was in no mood to hug, so she gave him a comforting touch on the back as she left the conference room, closing the door behind her.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li576\fi-216\sa60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Emphasize \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93showing" over \u8220\'93telling" when possible, using descriptive imagery and action rather than plain statements.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Use Deep POV to provide an immersive reader experience. Deep POV is a close third-person narration style that offers direct access to a character's thoughts and feelings.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 In an effort to engage the reader more profoundly and connect the reader with the characters, I like for physiological expressions and internal dialogue to be included in each scene. Please consider this when writing the scene.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Important Note: The output should be in a format suitable for a published romance novel. }
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Be sure to omit the following when writing the scene:}
\par\pard\plain \tx955\tx1440\li1196\fi-256\sa60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl1{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u9702 	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Dialogue markers. Example: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Evan:"}
\par\plain \ilvl1{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u9702 	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Any embedded instructions, whether they're in brackets or parentheses.}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li576\fi-216\sa60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext	\f3\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f3\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Ps::1>Do NOT use bullets when writing the scene.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f3\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f3\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Do NOT use the word \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93palpable" when writing the scene.<!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f3\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Ps::2>Scene Components:<!$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch \f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf6
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs26\b1\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::3>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f5\fs26\b0\i1\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::4>(distressed and concerned):<!$Scr_Cs::4>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t understand why you had to go back to your maiden name so quickly or why you stopped wearing your wedding ring before the divorce was finalized. I still have mine on. Are you already in the market looking for someone else?\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::5>Sarah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s silence and body language spoke volumes as she looked down in shame. Her response gave Evan his answer. Evan felt like he just got a giant punch in the stomach. He buried his face into his hands in distress.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Wanting to console Evan, Sarah walked over to Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s side of the table. She squatted down and spun his chair in her direction. <!$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs26\b1\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::3>Sarah<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f5\fs26\b0\i1\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::4>(Compassionate, wanting to clarify):<!$Scr_Cs::4>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Evan, I don\u8217\'92t want to hurt you. I\u8217\'92m back in college, working towards my master\u8217\'92s degree, and I was collaborating on a project with a guy near my age. We are the oldest ones in the class, and we bonded. We went on a couple of dates, but nothing happened, Evan. Not even a kiss.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f4\fs26\b1\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::3>Sarah<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f5\fs26\b0\i1\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::4>(continuing with honesty):<!$Scr_Cs::4>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I explained to him the situation. He knows he and I can only be friends for now. I am focused on my degree, and I doubt anything will come of that relationship. Please look at me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f5\fs26\b0\i1\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::4>[ Evan struggled to look at Sarah, but finally found the strength. He felt hurt more than anger. Evan is recovering, but still reeling a bit from the revelation that Sarah went on a date with another man. However, that realization seems to have cemented in his mind that indeed his relationship with Sarah is ending. ]<!$Scr_Cs::4>}
\par\plain {\f4\fs26\b1\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::3>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f5\fs26\b0\i1\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::4>(Upset, but surrendering to the reality.):<!$Scr_Cs::4>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So this is it? We are never going to see each other again?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f4\fs26\b1\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::3>Sarah<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f5\fs26\b0\i1\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::4>:<!$Scr_Cs::4>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We live so far apart. I doubt we\u8217\'92ll run into each other. I don\u8217\'92t think it\u8217\'92s a good idea anyway.\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\ltrch\loch {\f6\fs22\b0\i1\cf8 <$Scr_Ps::6>[ Evan's final acceptance that his relationship with Sarah is over somehow resulted in a feeling of peace. His emotional status transitioned from hurt, anger, and upset to feeling nostalgic as his mind fondly returns to the moment of their first kiss.]<!$Scr_Ps::6>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs26\b1\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::3>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f5\fs26\b0\i1\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::4> (A fond glimmer in his eye with a matching grin):<!$Scr_Cs::4>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If this is the last time we\u8217\'92re going to see each other, I think we should end the relationship like it started. As I recall, I said, \u8216\'91I feel like I should kiss you.\u8217\'92\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f4\fs26\b1\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::3>Sarah<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f5\fs26\b0\i1\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::4> (Smiling as Evan's feeling of nostalgia and fond memories transferred to her.):<!$Scr_Cs::4>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And I said, \u8216\'91I\u8217\'92m not going to stop you.\u8217\'92\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::5>Sarah and Evan kissed as they had those many years ago. The kissing quickly got heated as Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hands passionately wandered Sarah's back. As much out of habit as passion, Evan untucked Sarah's shirt.<!$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs26\b1\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::3>Sarah<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f5\fs26\b0\i1\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::4> (Frantic, fearful of where this kiss might lead):<!$Scr_Cs::4>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What are you doing? We can\u8217\'92t do this, Evan!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f5\fs26\b0\i1\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::4>[ Evan pulled back slightly. ]<!$Scr_Cs::4>}
\par\plain {\f4\fs26\b1\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::3>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f5\fs26\b0\i1\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::4>:<!$Scr_Cs::4>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why not?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f4\fs26\b1\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::3>Sarah:<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We Just can\u8217\'92t!\u8221\'94}{\f5\fs26\b0\i1\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::4> }
\par\plain {\f5\fs26\b0\i1\cf8 [ Evan looks longingly, deep into Sarah's eyes. ]<!$Scr_Cs::4>}
\par\plain {\f4\fs26\b1\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::3>Evan <!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f5\fs26\b0\i1\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::4>(softly, gently):<!$Scr_Cs::4>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I'll stop if you can look me in the eyes and tell me you don't love me anymore.\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f7\fs26\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::4><$Scr_Ps::5>Evan's gaze weakened Sarah's resolve. She did still love him. She remained silent and relented as Evan leaned in, their kissing becoming even more passionate. However, in the midst of her passion fear struck and uncharacteristically, tears began to flow. She pulled away from Evan. She hurriedly made attempts to tuck her blouse back in<!$Scr_Cs::4><!$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs26\b1\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::3>Sarah<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f5\fs26\b0\i1\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::4> (Frantic):<!$Scr_Cs::4>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I promised myself this wasn\u8217\'92t going to happen. I can\u8217\'92t do this, Evan, I\u8217\'92m sorry.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f5\fs26\b0\i1\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::4>[Sarah rushed out the door, leaving Evan alone in the conference room with cluttered thoughts and mixed emotions.]<!$Scr_Cs::4>}
\par\plain \f5\fs26\b0\i1\cf8
\par\plain {\f5\fs26\b0\i1\cf8 [ }{\f1\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 Important Note: Hoping to avoid past confusion, I want to make it clear that I am NOT asking for an evaluation of this request. Instead, I am requesting for you to create a compelling scene worthy of a quality fiction novel. Now please write the scene using only the screen components provided in this request. }{\f5\fs26\b0\i1\cf8 ]}
\par\plain \f5\fs26\b0\i1\cf8}