{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-BoldItalic;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red0\green108\blue175;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs26\b1\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Tuesday, December 23, 2014<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Laura and Evan met at a coffee shop at a middle point between Naperville and Highland Park. They wanted to be sure there was no chance Maggie would run into them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan brought the scholarship paperwork with him. The paperwork included an authorization document for Laura to sign, a congratulatory letter to Maggie notifying her she was the recipient of the \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93McCarthy Irish American Culinary Scholarship,\u8221\'94 and a cashier\u8217\'92s check for $15,000.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Laura signed the document giving her full authority as the selection committee. }
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::1>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Evan, this is a lot of money. I gotta ask. Are you rich?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 Evan laughed. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t consider myself rich. This may be hard to believe, but my monthly expenses are probably way lower than yours or Maggie\u8217\'92s. I\u8217\'92m single, and my home and car are paid off. When I\u8217\'92m not using it, I rent out my mountain cabin retreat. So that\u8217\'92s profitable for me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If you don\u8217\'92t mind me asking, how long does it take you to earn $15,000?\u8221\'94 asked Laura.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 Evan explained, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Liz takes a salary because she runs the day-to-day operations. I don\u8217\'92t take a salary because I like to come and go as I please, and most of my time is spent volunteering for the foundation. My income comes from company profits. It varies, but it would take me between a week to two weeks to earn $15,000. And I receive that whether I work or not. I have plenty of money, just sitting in the bank doing nothing. I\u8217\'92d much rather it be used for something meaningful \endash  like Maggie\u8217\'92s education.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Wow, I had no idea. So, what\u8217\'92s the next step?\u8221\'94 asked Laura.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 Evan handed Laura the recipient letter and gave her instructions. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Make sure you\u8217\'92re the one to check the mail tomorrow morning. Add this to the mail, and make sure Maggie is the one to open it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Evan, look at this envelope. You didn\u8217\'92t even put a stamp on it. We have to be sharper than this if we expect this plan to work,\u8221\'94 said Laura.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re right. I didn\u8217\'92t even think of that. Can you take care of that for me?\u8221\'94 asked Evan.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, I\u8217\'92ll make sure it has a stamp. I want you to be there when Maggie opens it. Why don\u8217\'92t you come over early before the Christmas eve party? I think it\u8217\'92s best if it\u8217\'92s just us three in the room when she opens the mail.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No problem. Just text me when you want me to leave my house. Do you think there\u8217\'92s any chance this will work?\u8221\'94 asked Evan.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Honestly? I don\u8217\'92t think we have a chance in hell of pulling this off. I don\u8217\'92t know what else to do but try.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 Evan replied, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I think you\u8217\'92re right. We should both spend some time tonight thinking about what we\u8217\'92ll say if she catches on. If all else fails, we can use an old reliable, last-resort tactic that\u8217\'92s worked for me in similar situations.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What tactic?\u8221\'94 asked Laura.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We will tell her, if the situation were reversed, she would gladly do the same for me. And she would want me to accept the scholarship gift.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 Laura said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Perfect!\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Ps::1>}}