{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Bold;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red0\green149\blue223;\red170\green64\blue101;\red76\green76\blue76;\red208\green78\blue124;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \sa60\sb240\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs32\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_H::2>Scene Profile: }{\f2\fs28\b1\i0 Scene #43: Pay it Forward<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sl120\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf5
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 Summary:<!$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf6 Reluctantly, Maggie accepts the scholarship, realizing it's her ticket to staying in culinary school. She stipulates that it's a loan from Evan, to be repaid post-graduation. Evan agrees, but proposes an alternative: instead of repayment, Maggie can pay it forward by offering annual scholarships once she becomes a successful chef. Enthralled by the idea, Maggie embraces Evan's alternative, sealing their agreement.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sl120\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf6
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 Leading Context:}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf6 In the previous scene, Maggie uncovers the entire truth behind Evan and Laura's scholarship scheme. Together, Evan and Laura work to diminish Maggie's resistance and steadfast resolve. The scene closes with Maggie pausing to reflect on whether she will accept the scholarship, leaving her\hich\f4 \emdash \loch\f4 and the readers\hich\f4 \emdash \loch\f4 pondering her next move.<!$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sl120\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf6
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Ps::1>Setting:<!$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 - Location:}{\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::4> Maggie and Laura's apartment.<!$Scr_Cs::4>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 - Time:}{\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::4> Early evening.<!$Scr_Cs::4>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 - Weather/Environment:}{\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::4> N/A.<!$Scr_Cs::4><!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sl168\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 Characters Present:<!$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 - Main Characters:}{\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::4> Evan, Maggie, Laura.<!$Scr_Cs::4><!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sl168\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf7
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 Character Emotional State:<!$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::4>- }{\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 Evan}{\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 :}{\f4\fs22\b0\i0  Evan breathes a sigh of relief as Maggie accepts the scholarship, albeit framing it as a loan. He's not caught off guard by her stance, having anticipated her independent spirit might dictate such terms. His response is humble and measured, presenting a repayment alternative that aligns with Maggie's values. As the scene wraps up, a wave of joy washes over him, his heart buoyed by the harmonious resolution.}
\par\plain {\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 - }{\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 Maggie}{\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 :}{\f4\fs22\b0\i0  Maggie grapples with her pride and pragmatism at the scene's start, her internal conflict palpable. She seeks a middle ground that honors her autonomy without negating her appreciation. Evan's thoughtful compromise\hich\f4 \emdash \loch\f4 allowing her to "repay" the loan in a manner that harnesses her nurturing inclinations\hich\f4 \emdash \loch\f4 brings her to a place of acceptance and warmth. The scene ends on a high note for her, with joy illuminating her path forward.}
\par\plain {\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 - }{\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 Laura}{\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 : }{\f4\fs22\b0\i0 Always attuned to Evan's wavelength, Laura mirrors his sentiments and strategies throughout the scene. She initially holds her breath, hoping for a positive outcome, then warmly embraces Evan's ingenious solution. Laura's relief and happiness parallel those of her friends, culminating in a collective sense of joy as the scene concludes.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sl120\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf1  <!$Scr_Cs::4><!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sl168\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf7
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Ps::1>POV:}{\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::4> Third Person Omniscient.<!$Scr_Cs::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sl168\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf6
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 Dialogue Focus:}{\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::4> Heavy.<!$Scr_Cs::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sl168\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 Use of Internal Dialogue:}{\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::4> Typically, I like some level of internal dialogue in all my scenes. However, since this is third person omniscient POV, my understanding is that internal dialogue would not be appropriate.<!$Scr_Cs::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sl168\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 Objectives/Goals:<!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \li360\sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b1 Conclusion of the Scholarship Arc:}{\f0\fs26\b0  This scene gracefully concludes the scholarship scheme storyline, resolving all threads in a positive light. Maggie embraces the scholarship, and any lingering feelings of inadequacy dissolve as Evan introduces a "pay it forward" strategy for sharing this newfound gift.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b1 No Guilt Forewarning:}{\f0\fs26\b0  The narrative deliberately avoids hinting at Evan's forthcoming guilt. This decision ensures the chapter concludes on an uplifting note, saving the exploration of Evan's internal conflict for subsequent scenes, maintaining the current scene's joyful resolution.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sl120\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f2\fs26\b1\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sl120\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf1  }
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Ps::1>Notes:<!$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf6 This document is  a Scene Profile and is meant to be used as a reference. Do not write the scene at this time.}
\par\plain {\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf6 <!$Scr_Ps::2>}}