{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red0\green149\blue223;\red0\green174\blue254;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \sa60\sb240\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs32\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_H::2>Book summaries:<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs28\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_H::2>Book 1:<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Book 1 serves as the foundation for the "Love, Annually" series, setting the stage for the events of Books 2 and 3. The story opens with a serendipitous encounter between Evan and Sarah\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 two University of Illinois seniors\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 culminating in an unexpected kiss that momentarily shatters Sarah's typically guarded demeanor. While Sarah, poised to graduate as valedictorian, teaches Marketing 101 as a teacher's assistant, Evan finds himself irresistibly drawn to her.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 As the narrative unfolds, Evan's persistent charm gradually breaks down Sarah's reluctance. Bound by a promise to her father to avoid romantic entanglements until obtaining a master's degree from an Ivy League school, Sarah grapples with conflicting emotions. Her upbringing, designed to prepare her for a future CEO role in her father's multimillion-dollar corporation, clashes with her growing affection for Evan.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Throughout Book 1, readers witness Evan's steadfast love, blissfully oblivious to Sarah's internal struggle. Initially, Sarah believes she can maintain a year-long romance with Evan without derailing her meticulously planned future. However, as the story progresses, her heart overrules her head, leading her to forsake her long-held ambitions. Despite graduating at the top of her class, her journey towards an Ivy League master's degree remains unfulfilled.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 The book culminates in a simple yet poignant wedding ceremony in a small chapel in central Illinois. Yet, the final scene leaves readers on a cliffhanger, with a newly married but deeply conflicted Sarah, reflecting in the bathroom mirror, questioning her impulsive decision with a haunting "What have I done?" This moment sets the tone for the unfolding drama in the subsequent books.}}