{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Evan was riding high, his excitement bubbling over even more than when he'd spilled the beans about his love-life game plan to his crew the night before. He couldn't remember the last time he felt this amped. It was like every moment of the day was high-fiving him, saying, "You've got this, Evan."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 As the day shifted from bright afternoon to the golden hour of early evening, it seemed like everything was falling into place just right. His morning run had been killer, the kind that makes you feel like you're on top of the world. Then he hit the gym and crushed his workout, feeling stronger than he had in months. And to top it all off, his team dominated their pickup basketball game. Life was sweet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Chilling at home, fresh out of the shower and feeling like a million bucks, Evan cranked up the radio while he got dressed. "Perfect Day" by Hoku started playing, and man, if that wasn't a sign from the universe, he didn't know what was. The song was like a personal anthem for him at that moment, especially those lines:<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sl120\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sl264\slmult1\qc\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs26\b0\i1 <$Scr_Ps::1>On this perfect day,}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b0\i1  Nothing\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s standing in my way, }
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b0\i1 On this perfect day, }
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b0\i1 When nothing can go wrong.<!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f1\fs26\b0\i1
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>It was as if the song was speaking directly to him, telling him, "Today's your day, Evan." Those lyrics hit just right, pumping him up with the kind of vibe that said today was indeed the day he'd meet someone special to kick off his new relationship adventure with. It felt like the universe was giving him a nod, saying, "Go for it, dude."<!$Scr_Ps::0>}}