{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red139\green93\blue0;\red0\green135\blue216;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs26\b1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>Speaker:<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Wow, you really are anxious to get divorced. I\u8217\'92ve never seen you sign anything so fast.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>Speaker:<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve already read the documents and agree to the changes your attorney made.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>Speaker:<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not signing anything until I get some answers.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>Speaker:<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Come on, Evan, don\u8217\'92t make this any more difficult than it has to be.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>Speaker:<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not signing, Sarah. We committed to each other when we got married, and then one day, you just moved to Seattle and refused to speak to me directly?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>Speaker:<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Evan, I told you it wasn\u8217\'92t working anymore.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>Speaker:<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s not good enough. I deserve better than that. I am not going to sign anything until you answer some questions.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>Speaker:<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m sorry, Sarah, but I have to back Evan on this one. You know how much I care about you, but Evan does deserve some answers. I\u8217\'92m not signing either unless you agree to speak to Evan.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>Speaker:<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You ungrateful bitch! Sarah\u8217\'92s practically giving you the company.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>Speaker:<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You stop right there! The next words out of your mouth better be an apology to this woman. She has more class and integrity in her little pinkie than all the lawyers in this room, and you can add me to that mix. You have 60 seconds to apologize and exit this room. If you don\u8217\'92t, I will make it my life\u8217\'92s mission to go through every contact in my address book and my father\u8217\'92s contacts and make sure this law firm never gets one iota of business from anyone I know. Do you understand me?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>Speaker:<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m sorry, Sarah. And I\u8217\'92m sorry, Mrs. Bennett, I let my temper get the best of me, and it will never happen again. I\u8217\'92ll excuse myself from this meeting.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>Speaker:<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Look, Evan, he may have been an asshole about it, but he did make a point that should not be lost. I know for a fact Sarah has rejected beneficial advice from her attorneys. She has been cooperative and fair. I would even say she has been generous in ways I have never experienced in these types of settlements. I recommend you sign these documents.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>Speaker:<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do you think I care about money? She can have it all as far as I\u8217\'92m concerned. It means nothing to me. I want answers and won\u8217\'92t sign anything until I get them!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>Speaker:<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He\u8217\'92s right. He does deserve better. Evan, I don\u8217\'92t think you\u8217\'92ll find any comfort in anything I would have to say. I don\u8217\'92t want to hurt you any more than I already have, and I don\u8217\'92t recommend we talk about it. However, if you agree to sign all the documents, I will agree to meet with you privately and answer all of your questions to the best of my ability.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>Speaker:<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is there a place where Evan and I can speak privately after the meeting?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>Speaker:<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93First of all, I want to apologize for my colleague\u8217\'92s actions. That was unacceptable. Sarah, you and Evan are free to use this conference room as long as you need.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>Speaker:<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Thank you. Will that work for you, Evan?\u8221\'94}}