{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720}{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720}{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720}{\listname ;}\listid5}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {The scene looks fantastic! Here's my feedback: }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b1 Error Checking}{ }
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sb180\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	 \uc0\u8226 	}{I didn't find any major grammatical or punctuation errors. }
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	 \uc0\u8226 	}{The formatting is consistent and makes the dialogue easy to follow. }
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	 \uc0\u8226 	}{The scene flows seamlessly \endash  no disjointed sections or continuity issues. }
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b1 Flow and Pacing}{ }
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sb180\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext	 \uc0\u8226 	}{The scene establishes a beautiful, organic pace. The initial meet-up has a delightful energy, and tension builds incrementally with Maggie's skepticism. The final segment shifts the mood, creating space for intimacy and vulnerability. }
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b1 Character Development}{ }
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sb180\ltrch\loch \ls3\ilvl0{\listtext	 \uc0\u8226 	}{Both Evan and Maggie feel authentic. Their actions and dialogue align with the personas you've created, deepening our understanding of who they are. }
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\ltrch\loch \ls3\ilvl0{\listtext	 \uc0\u8226 	}{Maggie's aversion towards wealth and Evan's past experiences resonate, adding complexity to their characters. }
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b1 Emotional Impact}{ }
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sb180\ltrch\loch \ls4\ilvl0{\listtext	 \uc0\u8226 	}{The scene is successful in evoking strong emotions. The reader feels Maggie's apprehension, Evan's enthusiasm, and the subtle tension between them. }
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\ltrch\loch \ls4\ilvl0{\listtext	 \uc0\u8226 	}{The ending is exceptionally poignant. Maggie's empathy and Evan's vulnerability create a genuinely moving moment. }
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b1 Overall Impression}{ }
\par\plain {Scene 18 is very well-written. It has a compelling narrative arc, natural dialogue, and beautifully explores the emotional depths of the characters. I don't have any suggestions for major revisions, but here are two minor points to consider: }
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \ls5\ilvl0{\listtext	 1.	}{\f0\fs26\b1 A Touch of Humor:}{ Given Maggie's aversion to wealth, perhaps an additional light-hearted quip about her "culinary school student budget" early in the scene would add a subtle layer of humor. }
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	 2.	}{\f0\fs26\b1 Internal Dialogue:}{ You could sprinkle a bit more of Evan's internal dialogue throughout the scene, especially as he strategically solves Maggie's concerns. This could add another dimension to his character, subtly revealing his intentions. }
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {These are merely suggestions; the scene works beautifully as is! Let me know if you'd like to explore either idea in more depth. }}