{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red163\green101\blue209;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Drawing a deep breath, Evan mustered the courage that seemed to have deserted him moments ago. Stepping forward, he approached the table where Maggie and Laura sat. Evan, usually so sure-footed, found himself navigating the social terrain with a mix of charm and an uncharacteristic hint of vulnerability.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Might I throw my hat in the ring?\u8221\'94 Evan asked, his voice carrying a blend of charm and confidence yet devoid of arrogance. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 His unexpected approach caught Laura off guard, her response tinged with curiosity and a hint of amusement, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93For what, exactly?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Realizing the abruptness of his interruption, Evan quickly shifted to a more polite demeanor. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Forgive me. I\u8217\'92m being rude. Allow me to introduce myself. My name is Evan.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Laura, her smile broadening with excitement at the unfolding scene, introduced herself in kind. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m Laura,\u8221\'94 she said, the gleam in her eyes suggesting she was all too aware of the unique moment they were all sharing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 And then, as Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s gaze met Maggie\u8217\'92s, time seemed to slow. \u8220\'93And you are?\u8221\'94 he asked, his eyes searching hers for a hint of the connection he felt drawn to explore.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Maggie, taken aback by the sudden attention, responded with a mix of politeness and a hint of nervous energy. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Maggie,\u8221\'94 she said, her voice carrying a note of intrigue and wariness.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 The exchange was simple yet charged with an undercurrent of possibility. While unexpected, Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s approach carried a sense of genuine interest and respect. As they navigated this unexpected encounter, the caf\u233\'E9 around them buzzed with the energy of early evening diners, unaware of the potential turning point unfolding at one small table among many.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan, compelled by a mix of destiny and curiosity, interrupted Maggie and Laura\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s conversation with a compelling and slightly mysterious tone. \u8220\'93Sorry for butting in,\u8221\'94 he began, pausing to gauge their reaction. \u8220\'93I overheard a bit of your chat and felt compelled to join in. This will sound odd, but I believe destiny led me here. May I share why?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Laura\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes lit up with a twinkle of excitement as she declared, \u8220\'93We are all ears!\u8221\'94 She turned towards Maggie, who met her gaze with an expression that was a blend of surprise and amusement. Perhaps there was a hint of resignation in the slight upturn of her lips, a silent acknowledgment that, well...they might as well hear this stranger out.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan, taking a deep breath, launched into his narrative. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve experienced similar frustrations with online dating,\u8221\'94 he admitted, his voice taking on the cadence of a seasoned storyteller. \u8220\'93Just last night, I told my sister and friends I\u8217\'92m done with online dating, and I\u8217\'92m going to try something new. I woke up this morning feeling inspired.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I chose to let fate decide who I\u8217\'92d meet today,\u8221\'94 Evan continued, his gaze wandering past Maggie and Laura momentarily as if retracing the path that led him here. \u8220\'93Started my journey in Highland Park and just drove west, letting the cosmos guide me.\u8221\'94 His hand gestured vaguely, encompassing the journey in a single sweep.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93When traffic ground to a halt, I saw it as a nudge to exit.\u8221\'94 He chuckled softly, recounting the turn of events. \u8220\'93At a gas station, a poster for the fall festival caught my eye. It felt like the Universe was pointing me there.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan leaned in slightly, his voice dropping to a conspiratorial whisper. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93With all these people around, I wondered how I\u8217\'92d know who I was looking for. But when I saw your beautiful red hair, almost the same color as the leaves this time of year...\u8221\'94 He trailed off, his eyes meeting Maggie\u8217\'92s, \u8220\'93I considered it a sign that we were meant to meet tonight.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Laura, unable to contain her enthusiasm, chimed in. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s spectacular, isn\u8217\'92t it? The color of her hair is all-natural. I keep saying she should trademark it!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan nodded, his sincerity shining through. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s mesmerizing,\u8221\'94 he agreed, his admiration evident. \u8220\'93Once I spotted you, I knew. The hard part was gathering the nerve to approach. Laura\u8217\'92s question seemed like the Universe giving me the final push.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Maggie smiled gently, touched by the sincerity in Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s tale yet retaining a hint of skepticism. \u8220\'93Quite the tale you\u8217\'92ve spun,\u8221\'94 she observed, her curiosity clearly piqued.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Laura, fully invested in the unfolding drama, beamed. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A captivating story, indeed!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Their conversation was momentarily interrupted by the server, who approached with a polite inquiry. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Can I get you anything?\u8221\'94 he asked, looking towards Evan.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Feeling his boldness ebb away in the face of reality, Evan responded with a polite smile. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I was just leaving, actually,\u8221\'94 he admitted, his voice betraying a hint of reluctance to end the unexpected encounter.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 As Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s self-assurance waned, he leaned in, hoping to leave a sense of security and legitimacy in his wake. \u8220\'93I can feel my nerve slipping away, but before I go, I just want to leave this with you,\u8221\'94 he said, gently offering his business card to Maggie. \u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s a bit about me on our website. Maggie, if you\u8217\'92re up for it, I\u8217\'92d really enjoy your company at the fall festival tonight. Laura, you\u8217\'92re more than welcome to join us. You could be our chaperone! I\u8217\'92ll swing back here in about 45 minutes, okay? If you decide it\u8217\'92s a yes, great. If not, no hard feelings, and I hope you both have a wonderful evening regardless.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Maggie, her sincerity tinged with hesitance, accepted the card. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You seem like a great guy, Evan. We\u8217\'92ll see. But I can\u8217\'92t promise anything. Life\u8217\'92s a bit chaotic for me right now.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s tone softened as he caught Maggie\u8217\'92s eye, \u8220\'93I can see you\u8217\'92re hesitant, and honestly, I get it. So am I. Even taking that first step toward your table, I was terrified. Heck, I am still scared.\u8221\'94 A shared smile momentarily connected them, a nod to their mutual apprehension. \u8220\'93Bad dates, broken promises...they can leave you feeling like all that risk isn\u8217\'92t worth it. I can\u8217\'92t make you any promises about where this will go. I wish I could. Nor do I expect any promises from you. But whatever the reason, I woke up this morning with a certainty I haven\u8217\'92t felt in a long time - that I would meet a woman I\u8217\'92d want to get to know and spend time with. And somehow, here you are. Maybe this goes nowhere, or maybe it\u8217\'92s...more than even the Universe predicted. But it seems a shame to let that chance pass us by, doesn\u8217\'92t it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 A flicker of warmth kindled in the depths of Maggie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes, his words piercing through her built-up defenses. This wasn\u8217\'92t the bold approach she had expected; it was vulnerability laid bare. }{\f1\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>I\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92ve never met a man willing to admit he was afraid,<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  she thought, a slight smile playing on her lips. Maybe, just for tonight, she could let go and see where the Universe led.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan tried to lighten the mood as he prepared to leave, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Think about it, Maggie. Instead of telling your friends tomorrow about some boring online date,\u8221\'94 he yawned dramatically, \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m yawning just thinking about it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 He added with a hopeful gleam, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Instead of boring them with yet another description of an uninteresting first date, you can tell them you had a great time at the fall festival with a man the Universe delivered right to your table! Not too many women get that kind of service, you know.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Laura, fully on board, exclaimed, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He\u8217\'92s right! Women never get that kind of service!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan, trying to recover his dwindling courage with humor, confessed, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93My courage has abandoned me. I\u8217\'92ll leave you two to enjoy your dinner. I\u8217\'92ll try to look as suave as possible as I exit.\u8221\'94 With one final, longing glance at Maggie, he added, wistfully, \u8220\'93Fingers crossed you\u8217\'92re here when I return.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 He walked off with an exaggerated swagger, turning back briefly to offer a playful nod, as if to say, *Pretty cool, right?* His antics drew a hearty laugh from both women, shaking their heads in amused disbelief. Evan, pretending to be wounded by their reaction, pouted dramatically and shuffled away, leaving an indelible mark on the evening.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <!$Scr_Ps::0>}}