{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Bold;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red0\green149\blue223;\red170\green64\blue101;\red76\green76\blue76;\red208\green78\blue124;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\fi-667\li960\lin960}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \sa60\sb240\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs32\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_H::2>Scene Profile: }{\f2\fs28\b1\i0 <$Scr_Cs::1>Scene #32:<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f2\fs28\b1\i0  Health Concerns and Relationship Updates<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 Summary:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf6 Liz drives to her brother Evan's, burdened by his health struggles and the news of her failed IVF treatment. Overwhelmed, she answers a call from her best friend, Chloe, whose intuition senses Liz's distress. Liz breaks down, finding solace in Chloe's unwavering love and support. As their call ends, the promise of a possible visit offers a glimmer of hope amidst the pain. }
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sl120\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf6
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 Leading Context:}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf6 In the preceding scene, subtle clues are provided about Evan's undiagnosed condition, which is revealed in book 3 as a rare, elusive bone marrow disorder. This scene marks the initial foray into this subplot in book 2, laying the groundwork for Evan's health narrative. While Liz's journey through infertility finds resolution by the end of book 2, Evan's medical challenges extend throughout book 3, culminating in a conclusive resolution. This moment serves as the gentle inception of Evan's health storyline, beginning its slow unfold into the narrative.<!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sl120\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf6
\par\plain \f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf5
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Ps::2>Setting:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 - Location:}{\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::5> Evan's Home.<!$Scr_Cs::5>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 - Time:}{\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::5> Early evening.<!$Scr_Cs::5>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 - Weather/Environment:}{\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::5> Cold outside.<!$Scr_Cs::5><!$Scr_Ps::4><$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sl168\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 Characters Present:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 - Main Characters:}{\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::5> Evan, Liz.<!$Scr_Cs::5><!$Scr_Ps::4><$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sl168\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf7
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 Character Emotional State:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::5>- }{\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 Evan}{\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 :}{\f4\fs22\b0\i0  Evan's energy is weakening as Liz arrives, creating a mix of appreciation and reluctance in his interactions with her. He dreads the inevitable discussion about seeking specialist care, clinging to his rationale that his bouts of lethargy stem from mere overexertion. Despite his attempts to reassure both Liz and himself, there's an underlying fear that something more serious might be at play, a fear he's not prepared to confront. Yet, as Liz shifts the conversation towards Maggie, Evan's spirits lift slightly. While he harbors no deep love for Maggie, he finds satisfaction in the seamless execution of his "Love, Annually" plan.}
\par\plain {\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 - }{\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 Liz}{\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 : <!$Scr_Cs::5>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::6>Liz approaches Evan's door, steeling herself after an emotionally charged yet ultimately hopeful exchange with Chloe, determined to mask her recent tears from Evan. Upon seeing Evan's wearied state, her concern for his well-being intensifies, pushing her to advocate for a specialist's consultation. However, she respects their agreement, only pressing further if Evan's health appears compromised during his annual check-ups. As Evan shares details of his relationship with Maggie, Liz listens with a blend of concern and skepticism, questioning the depth and sincerity of their connection, given its foundation on Evan's structured plan rather than genuine affection.<!$Scr_Cs::6>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sl120\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::5> <!$Scr_Cs::5><!$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sl168\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf7
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Ps::2>POV:}{\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::5> Third person limited, deep (focusing on Evan)<!$Scr_Cs::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sl168\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf6
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 Dialogue Focus:}{\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::5> Heavy<!$Scr_Cs::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sl168\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 Use of Internal Dialogue:}{\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::5> Moderate<!$Scr_Cs::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sl168\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 Objectives/Goals:<!$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li720\fi-500\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs30\cf1 This scene marks the introduction of Evan's recurrent energy dips, a condition he's experienced sporadically since childhood. Despite their consistency, Evan remains skeptical of seeking medical advice, harboring a deep-seated mistrust towards the pharmaceutical industry and its propensity for overprescription.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs30\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs30\cf1 Evan's self-attributed cause of these episodes is overexertion, subtly suggesting a state of denial about the potential seriousness of his condition.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs30\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs30\cf1 The narrative introduces an agreement between Evan and Liz concerning his health care approach: Evan commits to an annual physical examination and agrees to consult a specialist only if these check-ups indicate a health issue.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs30\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs30\cf1 The scene updates readers on the progress of Evan and Maggie's relationship, now three weeks in. From Evan's perspective, the "Love, Annually" plan is unfolding perfectly, without any visible hitches.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs30\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs30\cf1 Evan shares with Liz his adherence to the guidelines they've established for his dating scheme, but mentions a growing friendship with Maggie's roommate. He expresses concern about how this dynamic might affect the eventual end of his relationship with Maggie.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs30\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs30\cf1 While Liz recognizes the mutual benefits Evan and Maggie derive from their arrangement, she harbors concerns for both, sensing the emotional complexities and potential repercussions of their unconventional relationship.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sl120\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf1  }
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Ps::2>Notes:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf6 This document is the Scene Profile and is meant to be used as a reference. Do not write the scene at this time.<!$Scr_Ps::3>}}