{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red130\green49\blue77;\red170\green64\blue101;\red76\green76\blue76;\red208\green78\blue124;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\fi-280213\li403819\lin403819}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\fi-210160\li302864\lin302864}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\fi-210160\li302864\lin302864}{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\fi-280213\li403819\lin403819}{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\fi-157620\li227148\lin227148}{\listname ;}\listid5}
{\list\listtemplateid6\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\fi-210160\li302864\lin302864}{\listname ;}\listid6}
{\list\listtemplateid7\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\fi-498156\li717900\lin717900}{\listname ;}\listid7}
{\list\listtemplateid8\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\fi-280213\li403819\lin403819}{\listname ;}\listid8}
{\list\listtemplateid9\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\fi-885611\li1276267\lin1276267}{\listname ;}\listid9}
{\list\listtemplateid10\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\fi-664208\li957200\lin957200}{\listname ;}\listid10}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}{\listoverride\listid6\listoverridecount0\ls6}{\listoverride\listid7\listoverridecount0\ls7}{\listoverride\listid8\listoverridecount0\ls8}{\listoverride\listid9\listoverridecount0\ls9}{\listoverride\listid10\listoverridecount0\ls10}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs32\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_H::2>Character Profile:<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch \f2\fs18\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Ps::1>Name: }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2>Liz Bennett.<!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch \f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf6
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Ps::0>Maiden Name: }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2>Liz Vaughn.<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain \f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 Gender: }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2>Female.<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain \f2\fs18\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 Age at start of book 2: }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::2>30.<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain \f2\fs18\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 Place of Birth: }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2>Glenview, Illinois.<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain \f2\fs18\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 Current residence: }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2>Glenview, Illinois.<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain \f2\fs18\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 Physical Attributes:<!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 - Resembles: }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2>Actress Lauren Graham}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7  .<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 - Hair Color: }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2>Brown}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 .<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 - Hair Length: }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2>Medium-Long.}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7  <!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 - Hair Style: }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2>Wavy.<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 - Eye Color: }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2>Brown.<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 - Height: }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2>5'7".}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7  <!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 - Weight: }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2>Average weight plus 5 to 10 pounds.}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7  <!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 - Physical Appearance: <!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li720\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2>Liz Vaughn is a 30-year-old woman of average build, standing 5'7" tall and carrying an extra 5 to 10 pounds beyond her average weight. Her face is framed by medium-long, wavy brown hair that cascades gently around her shoulders. Her eyes, a deep and warm shade of brown, exude kindness and wisdom, mirroring her nurturing personality. Her clothing choices lean conservative, often featuring business casual attire for her professional life. She wears dresses for special occasions and sometimes while working, reflecting a style that is modest but elegant. Her overall appearance conveys a sense of maturity and grace, in harmony with her role as a mentor and mother figure to many.  <!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Ps::3>Clothing and Fashion Choices: <!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li720\fi-216\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2>Conservative for both work and personal life.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 Business casual for professional life.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 She will wear dresses on special occasions and half the time when working.<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch \f2\fs18\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Ps::0>Personality Attributes:<!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 - Personality Traits:  <!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li720\fi-270\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2>In terms of brand archetypes, she could be considered a Sage as easily as she could be called a caregiver. She plays both of these roles in the lives of those she loves.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 Her Myers-Briggs archetype is INFP.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 She is a mentor and mother figure to many.<!$Scr_Ps::4><$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li720\fi-270\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 She is compassionate and kind.<!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch \f2\fs18\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Ps::3>- Strengths:  <!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li720\fi-270\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls3\ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2>Helpful.}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li720\fi-270\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls4\ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 Caring.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 Compassionate.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 Loving.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 Reliable.<!$Scr_Ps::4><$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li720\fi-270\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls4\ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 Nurturing.<!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch \f2\fs18\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Ps::3>-Likes: <!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li720\fi-270\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls5\ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2>Wine and coffee.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 Socializing with friends and family.<!$Scr_Ps::4><$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li720\fi-270\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls5\ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 Helping people with their problems.<!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch \f2\fs18\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Ps::3>Dislikes: <!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li720\fi-270\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls6\ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2>Rude people.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 Manipulative people.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 Social Media.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 Falsely modest people.<!$Scr_Ps::4><$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li720\fi-270\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls6\ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 Arrogant people.<!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch \f2\fs18\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Ps::3>Catchphrases: <!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li720\fi-270\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls7\ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2>"If it's meant to be, it will be."<!$Scr_Ps::4><$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li720\fi-270\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls7\ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 "Things have a way of working out."}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 "Everything happens for a reason."<!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch \f2\fs18\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f2\fs18\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Ps::3>Relationships: }
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 - Evan: }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2>Liz's younger brother by two years. She practically raised him after his parents divorced, and his mom had to work two jobs to make ends meet. Liz is as much a mentor as a big sister and surrogate mom. They continue to have a close bond. The first person Evan calls in a crisis is Liz. She relishes that role and is always there for him.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 Their unshakable, unbreakable bond extended far beyond this event. As Evan's mother worked two jobs to make ends meet, Liz stepped in, taking on multiple roles. She became a big sister, a mentor, and a surrogate mother for Evan.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 Liz was always mature beyond her years. Even at 12 years old, she possessed the temperament and maturity of an adult. She embraced and thrived in her role, supporting Evan and their mom.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 Under Liz's guidance, Evan transformed from a resentful, hotheaded, rambunctious child and teen into a man everyone admired.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 She wished she could find a way to help Evan let go of his resentment and forgive his father.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 The love and respect between Liz and Evan were as deep as any bond between siblings. Each would do anything for the other.<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 - Guido: }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2>Although not blood-related, Liz treats Guido like a younger brother.<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 - Joe: }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2>Joe is Liz\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s devoted husband.<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 - Chloe:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::2> Liz met Chloe through her older sister Rebecca. Rebecca was a troubled freshman in college that Liz took under her wing. In the process, Liz met Chloe when she was 14 years old and they bonded instantly. The Chloe, Liz was like the mentoring big sister that she wished Rebecca was. To Liz, Chloe was like the little sister, for of love the potential that she always desired. As time went by, Liz and Chloe's relationship transformed into a strong friendship.<!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf7
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch \f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf7
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Ps::0>Background/History:<!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 Education Background: <!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li1080\fi-284\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls8\ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2>She earned her bachelor\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s degree in business administration from Illinois State University.<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Ps::3>Family background: <!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li1080\fi-284\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls9\ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2>Her parents got divorced when she was 12.<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Ps::3>Health History: <!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li1080\fi-284\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls10\ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2>Overall, she is healthy.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 However she suffers from fertility problems.<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch \f2\fs18\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f2\fs18\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Ps::0>Future Outlook:<!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 Aspirations/Dreams: }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2>Liz's dream is to have children, and live a very simple and happy life.<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1   <!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 Role in the novel:<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 In the novel, Liz's role is diverse and pivotal. She serves as a mentor to both Evan and Chloe, guiding them through their personal and professional challenges. As the operations manager of the corporation she co-owns with Evan, Liz steps in to buy out Sarah's shares following the divorce. Her leadership style is nurturing, making her an invaluable asset to her employees, whom she treats with a motherly care.}
\par\plain \f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 Despite her role as the stable, matriarchal figure in the story, Liz faces her own trials, particularly her struggles with infertility, which strain her marriage. A significant contribution of Liz in Book 2 is her orchestration of a scenario that brings Chloe to Chicago. Liz's intention behind this move is to foster a meeting between Chloe and Evan, hoping it would ignite a romantic relationship between them.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch \f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Ps::1>Beliefs: }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2>Liz has a strong moral compass and believes family is life\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s most important part. <!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch \f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf6
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Ps::3>Character Description:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf6 Liz Vaughn, a 30-year-old woman from Glenview, Illinois, possessed a warm and nurturing presence. Standing at 5'7", she carried a comforting, average build with a hint of extra weight, adding to her approachable charm. Her brown eyes radiated kindness and wisdom, complementing her medium-long, wavy brown hair that gracefully framed her face. Liz's attire leaned towards conservative choices, favoring business casual for work and modest yet elegant dresses for special occasions. This demeanor reflected her role as a mentor and mother figure, portraying maturity and grace. She exuded a caring and reliable energy, a natural caregiver with a heart of gold.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf6 In terms of brand archetypes, Liz could be both a Sage and a caregiver, embodying these roles in her relationships. Her Myers-Briggs archetype was INFP, amplifying her compassionate and kind nature. As Evan's elder sister, mentor, and almost-mother, Liz's influence on him had been transformative. Her strength lay in being helpful, caring, compassionate, loving, reliable, and nurturing. She enjoyed wine, coffee, socializing, and assisting others, while disliking rudeness, manipulation, social media, falsely modest people, and arrogance. Her guiding phrases, \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93If it's meant to be, it will be," \u8220\'93Things have a way of working out," and \u8220\'93Everything happens for a reason," encapsulated her optimistic outlook.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf6 Liz played a pivotal role in Evan's life, becoming his guardian when their parents divorced. Her supportive, unwavering presence significantly impacted Evan's growth from a resentful teen to an admirable man. Her life revolved around family and simplicity, encapsulated in her aspiration to marry, own a house, and raise a contented family. Liz's journey unfolded as she supported Evan, navigated love with Joe, and nurtured those around her while remaining steadfast in her core belief that family was paramount.<!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch \f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs24\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Ps::0><!$Scr_Ps::0>}}