{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Bold;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red186\green124\blue93;\red0\green108\blue175;\red139\green93\blue0;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0>[  Modify the paragraph below to start the scene with a vivid description of the location where Evan and Maggie wait for Laura's arrival to pick up Maggie. Also, consider including a description of the fun they had at the fall festival. There is no scene that shows them at the fall festival, so this is the only chance the reader will know that they had a good time. Feel free to include activities, rides, carnival games, etc. There is minimal dialogue in this scene, and it's short. Feel free to be verbose in your narrative.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 You may want to make note that Maggie and Evan were having such a good time and literally the last two guests to leave the fall festival. Using this slang term they "closed the place." }
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4  ]<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 In the serene aftermath of the bustling fall festival, Evan and Maggie find solitude on a vacant side street in the heart of Downtown Naperville. The lively echoes of the day's festivities have dwindled, leaving behind the gentle hum of silence, punctuated only by the soft whisper of autumn leaves. A single bench, emblematic of the downtown's welcoming charm, offers a quiet reprieve under the warm glow of strategically placed streetlights. Surrounding storefronts, once abuzz with activity and vibrant life, now stand silent, their closed doors marking the end of a day filled with commerce and community. }
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Ps::1>Maggie: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I can\u8217\'92t remember the last time I had this much fun. I\u8217\'92m so glad we decided to get the first kiss out of the way. I have never kissed anybody so much on a first date, or any date, for that matter. For the record, you are a great kisser!\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 [ Evan wanted to respond with more elegant, perhaps more romantic, words. However, something held him back. Part of him felt that somehow if he went overboard with the romance, he would be "leading her on." As much as he wanted to shower Maggie with words of affection, Tell her how amazing she was. Tell her what a fabulous kisser she was. Instead, he found himself keeping it sincere, but simple in his response. ]<!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs28\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5  }{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::3>(Sincere, but holding back)<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 : \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I had a great time, too!\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Maggie didn't seem to notice any holdback from Evan. They passionately kissed for several minutes more.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::3><$Scr_Ps::0>[ Let's get inside Evans head for this kiss. I think this might be an excellent point to integrate some internal dialogue. Evan really likes Maggie. While her kisses bring Evan great comfort and are satisfying his yearning to be touched after a year without affection. Let's be delicate with his hesitancy about the situation. At this point in this scene, I want the primary focus to be on how good this all feels to Evan. However, because Maggie is not hers forever girl, we need to leave a hint of apprehension. This is only a suggestion, I'm open to all ideas. But maybe as we describe how amazing Evan feels, and he sees Maggie as someone he wants to have a relationship with, he doesn't feel that true love spark that he felt was Sarah. ]<!$Scr_Cs::3><!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan (pulled back slowly, speaking softly), \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That was nice.\u8221\'94 <!$Scr_Ps::4><$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::3>[ His words were gentle, affectionate, and sincere, but born not from romantic passion. His feelings, his words, were more an expression of gratitude for her compassion, care, and affection that he had been so yearning since the divorce.  ]<!$Scr_Cs::3>}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 [ Consider Maggie showing some kind of reaction or facial expression to, what she interpreted as reassuring words.]<!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs28\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2>Maggie<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5  }{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::3>(Sincere, but holding back)<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 : \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Thanks! I wanted to squeeze one last kiss in before Laura arrives. If she sees us kiss good night, she won\u8217\'92t leave me alone until I give her all the details. Tonight has been such a wonderful night. I want to embrace this incredible feeling for a while before telling her how well our date went. It\u8217\'92s probably a good idea if we don\u8217\'92t hold hands either.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs28\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5  }{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::3>(Finding Maggie's concern about Laura humorous)<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 : \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Gotcha. I\u8217\'92ll keep a straight face, so she won\u8217\'92t know how happy I am,\u8220\'93 }{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::3>(Evan laughed. Then he asked) <!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92re still on for Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday afternoon dates and cooking lessons?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs28\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2>Maggie <!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::3>(Excited not only that she'll be seeing Evan three times the next week, but loves the idea that she'll be teaching them how to cook \endash  cooking is her passion)<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5  }{\f2\fs28\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2>:<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Absolutely! I can\u8217\'92t wait. Here she comes,\u8221\'94 said Maggie.<!$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 [ Consider a more detailed description of Laura Pulling up. For example Have Laura give a wave to Evan. ]<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Laura pulled up near the sidewalk and waved to both Maggie and Evan through her window. }
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Ps::1>Maggie opened the passenger door. She was halfway into her seat when she said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Screw it!\u8221\'94 She ran back to Evan and gave him the most passionate kiss of the night, before hopping back in the car.<!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs26\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2>Laura<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::3> (as she heads toward home, astonished at what she just saw, she says with a strong emphasis on each word): <!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh my god!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs26\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2>Laura<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  (In disbelief): "Did my eyes just see what my mind is telling me my eyes just saw?"}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0>[ Maggie didn't respond. Instead she leaned back her car seat and closed her eyes embracing the euphoric feeling she hadn't felt in a long time \endash  if ever. ]}
\par\plain {\f4\fs22\b1\i1\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2>Laura<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4  }{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::3>(Persistent): <!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 "Clearly, you had a great time tonight. I want to hear all about it!"<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f2\fs30\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2>Maggie<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs30\b0\i0\cf1  }{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::3>(a relaxed voice slightly louder than a whisper, a finger to her lips signaling a desire for silence):<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs30\b0\i0\cf1  "Shush. I feel amazing. Let me have my moment. I promise when we get home I'll share every detail."}
\par\plain \f0\fs30\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0>[ Wanting to hear every detail, Laura put the pedal to the metal and speeds towards home. ] }
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 <!$Scr_Ps::0>}}