{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Small;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs30\b0\i0\cf1 Will go through each scene chronologically. Here is the standard process for each scene that I plan to move forward with. We can make adjustments along the way if needed.}
\par\plain \f1\fs30\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs30\b0\i0\cf1 After a break, I'll be ready to start crafting scenes with your assistance on chapter 3 scenes. I look forward to working with you as we craft compelling scenes and what I hope will eventually become an efficient process. }
\par\plain \f1\fs30\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f1\fs30\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f1\fs30\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs30\b0\i0\cf1 1. I will start by using the process that begins with me giving you an updated character profile for the main characters that are in the chapter. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs30\b0\i0\cf1 2. If new characters are introduced in a scene, I provide you with their character profiles before I send you the scene profile.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs30\b0\i0\cf1 3. I'll provide you a scene profile for the scene. These are comprehensive profiles with information like characters, location, summary, goals, objectives, emotional tone, and more. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs30\b0\i0\cf1 4. Once we are settled with the scene profile, then I will send you a scene enhancement template, which will include detailed instructions of the scene and the beginning of the scene's narrative elements - which I call "Scene Components." }
\par\plain {\f1\fs30\b0\i0\cf1 5. The "Scene Components" section will contain all the information to write the specific scene, such as dialogue, instructions on tone, instructions on narrative, and more.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs30\b0\i0\cf1 6. Once we've established and accepted a completed draft version of the scene section we are working on, I will continue through the scene a few paragraphs at a time, repeating step 5 until we reach the end of the chapter. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs30\b0\i0\cf1 6. When the chapter is completed, we will return to step 1 for the next chapter.}
\par\plain \f1\fs30\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f1\fs30\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f1\fs30\b0\i0\cf1}