{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red186\green124\blue93;\red76\green76\blue76;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5\fi-889\li1280\lin1280}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5\fi-1185\li1707\lin1707}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0>[  Since this is a short scene, this will be the only scene segment. ]}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 [ Let's start off the scene with a setting description, to set the scene up. This is the first time that the readers will be inside Evan's guest bedroom. Here are some things to include in your description.<!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li720\fi14\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 Queen-size bed.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 Very clean and well kept.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 Private guest bathroom, that is fully stocked, with hairdryer, soap, towels, toothbrushes \endash  essentially anything a guess would need for an unexpected stay.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 Guest bathroom is also very clean.<!$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4  ]<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 [  Maggie performs her pre-bedtime routine. Describe this at whatever level you feels appropriate. Here are some aspects to her nightly routine.}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li720\fi14\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Ps::1>Brush her hair.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 Brush her teeth.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 Removes makeup and wash her face.<!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 While she goes through her nightly routine, she is confidently trying to convince herself that her willpower will win out over her urges. Feel free to use internal dialogue liberally here. She internally tries to "pump herself up" that she can resist her desire to go sleep with Evan.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 ]}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 [ }
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 When she's done with her nightly routine, She turns off the light in the bathroom and heads to the bedroom. She ditches her pajama bottoms, because she usually sleeps in a long T-shirt and likes to be cool at night. However, the importance of this gesture in the scene, is that she will be going down to Evan's room in the next scene, and oversized flannel pajama bottoms are not very attractive. However, we don't want to mention it to the reader \endash  they can draw their own conclusions.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 ]}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 [ She looks at the empty bed in the guestroom. It feels so vacant to her. It's at this point, when she realizes that her desire to sleep with Evan has overcome whatever false willpower she has built up, and dissolved all of her resistance. In sort of a child-like way, she reprimands herself for being weak, but in a bit of a small act of defiance, she lies down sideways on the bed looking up at the ceiling knowing that she's going to go to Evan's master bedroom but somehow feeling better at this last bit of resistance.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 ]}
\par\plain \f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4
\par\plain \f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0><!$Scr_Ps::0>}}