{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs26\b0\fi-360\li720\lin720}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0 R}{\f0\fs26\b0 ebecca tells Liz she knows that Chloe is her. Liz says that she doesn't have favorites and Rebecca knows that. But then just}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0 Rebecca besides that she knows that Liz won't admit that she has favorites.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0 Rebecca says that she's okay with that, she knows that Liz loves her and she hopes the best for Chloe as well.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0 She knows that Chloe's little sister that lives never had and Liz is the big sister that Chloe's never had.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0 Liz tries to persuade her that's not true, but Rebecca acknowledges that her and clear more like twins then big sister little sister. Although they fight all the time, she loves Chloe with all her heart.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0 Please reminds Rebecca that she's willing to help with finances, Rebecca says she already feels bad because Liz has helped her too much, and she wants to make it on her own.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0 Chloe leaves when Mom comes partially because she has a jealous boyfriend, and partially because she doesn't like her mom.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0 Chloe makes pancakes in the morning. Her and Liz Bond while Rebecca sleeps in having a break from the kids.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0 This may be a point where we get loose to request a guacamole recipe from Chloe.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0 In some conversation somewhere, or unless Liz thoughts, we should talk about the first time she met Chloe.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0 Chloe says that even though her boyfriend's jealous, at least she knows he cares.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0 Maybe have Chloe break up with her boyfriend before the girls weekend, see him when her mom visits, and come back with flowers that he is using to woo her back.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0 Rebecca tells Liz that she's happy that Liz can be the big sister that Rebecca failed to be.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0 Losing Chloe was like losing a vital organ of part of myself whereas losing Sarah was like losing a partner.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0 Airport while Chloe was listening in\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85Evan says the above bullet only after Liz asks him to open up just this one time, for her.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0 We can introduce Chloe's dancing background here when Rebecca says that their childhood wasn't so bad, what about all the dance lessons and etc.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0 Chloe hears Liz crying in the kids room and goes into comfort her cuddling with her.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0 Abe supports Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s numbers - his whole class is likely on a dating app or hookup site.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0 All poker guests from a broken family.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0 Dude, you got an answer for everything says Guido when Alicia says that some relationships get better over time.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0\ul\ulc0 Alicia says that Evan would like a girl with a head on her shoulders and she's not going to agree to anything like that or she's going to figure out that he's lying.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs26\b0}