{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Small;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Small;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Small;}{\f3\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720}{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720}{\listname ;}\listid4}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {Yes! Shifting to a dual POV could definitely help balance things out. Here are some small additions or changes to sprinkle in Evan's perspective:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b1 1. Internal Observations:}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sb180\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b1\strike\strikec0 After Maggie kicks off her heels:}{\f0\fs26\strike\strikec0  Instead of just Evan observing }{\f0\fs26\i1\strike\strikec0 her}{\f0\fs26\strike\strikec0  frustration, add a line like, "Evan couldn't help but grin. He empathized with that feeling \endash  new shoes could be brutal."}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b1\strike\strikec0 While offering her a drink:}{\f0\fs26\strike\strikec0  Add a thought like, "Evan felt a rush of warmth as she mimicked her father's accent. It was charming and disarming."}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sa180\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b1\strike\strikec0 When Evan brings out the footbath:}{\f0\fs26\strike\strikec0  Include something like, "Evan felt a strange mix of excitement and nerves at the prospect of touching her feet. He hoped she didn't find it too forward."}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b1 2. Moments of Self-Reflection:}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sb180\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext	 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b1\strike\strikec0 Right after he calls her his "girlfriend":}{\f0\fs26\strike\strikec0  Insert something like, "Evan cringed internally at the slip. He wasn't sure if he'd overstepped, but it felt good to say it out loud."}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\strike\strikec0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b1\strike\strikec0 When Maggie hesitates about labels:}{\f0\fs26\strike\strikec0  Include a brief thought like, "A small prick of disappointment flared, but Evan was determined not to pressure her. He'd already had a better night than he could have hoped for."}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sa180\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext	 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b1 Just before she playfully accuses him of having things planned out:}{ Add an internal line like, "A wave of nervous laughter bubbled up in Evan. He'd definitely envisioned more than just taking her home, but he hadn't anticipated how perfectly things were going."}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b1 3. Slight Tweaks to Dialogue/Actions:}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sb180\ltrch\loch \ls3\ilvl0{\listtext	 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b1 When Maggie watches Evan roll up his sleeves:}{ After "a flutter of curiosity in her chest", add a line like, "There was something oddly domestic and comforting about the sight."}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\ltrch\loch \ls3\ilvl0{\listtext	 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b1 Right before the foot massage:}{ Have Evan briefly explain his lotion choice: "This lavender one is great for relaxing muscles \endash  learned that back in my personal trainer days".}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sa180\ltrch\loch \ls3\ilvl0{\listtext	 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b1 After their final kiss:}{ Instead of just a silent room, add something like, "Evan stood rooted there, trying to process the electricity that still hummed between them."}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b1 General Tips:}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sb180\ltrch\loch \ls4\ilvl0{\listtext	 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b1 Less is More:}{ Don't overdo it, especially at first. Weave these bits in organically to build his perspective gradually.}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\ltrch\loch \ls4\ilvl0{\listtext	 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b1 Balance:}{ Make sure he's not just reacting to her \endash  give him his own thoughts and feelings about the situation.}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sa180\ltrch\loch \ls4\ilvl0{\listtext	 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b1 Distinct Voice:}{ If possible, make Evan's thoughts sound subtly different from Maggie's to avoid blending the points of view.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {Let me know if you'd like more examples or specific suggestions for a particular moment in the scene!}
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs26 I think we should end the scene by adding Evans POV in the final paragraph. I\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8216\'91m not sure how to word it, so I will tell you what I think is in Evan's head and allow your creativity to shine. Evan is still feeling some conflict. He can't seem to shake the conflict he feels as he considers Maggie possible becoming his first }{\f3\fs24  \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Love, Annually\u8221\'94 }{\f3\fs26 girlfriend. His night with Maggie was wonderful. There kissing, although not magic like it was with Sarah, is still quite satisfying and lovely. In some ways everything felt so right to Evan, but it other ways it felt so wrong. He wasn't sure what caused his  conflict but he found his inner thoughts searching for an answer to his conflict, maybe even the feeling of guilt. He wasn't sure if it was because of the potential entering into the relationship knowing he's going to break up with Maggie, misleading her, or was it more, a feeling of unfaithfulness to Sarah \endash  even though they were divorced. This doesn't get resolved and Evan's mind. But I thought it might be interesting for the readers to get inside Evan's mind. }
\par\plain \f3\fs26
\par\plain {\f3\fs26 Current end of scene:}
\par\plain {\f3\fs26 The kiss ended with Maggie stepping back, her eyes alight, as she bid Evan goodnight. There was a gentle warmth in his reply, a quiet wonder that echoed in the silent room. She offered him a final smile before she retreated to the sanctuary of the guestroom.}
\par\plain \f3\fs26
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {Absolutely! Here's how you could incorporate Evan's perspective to end the scene:}
\par\plain {The kiss ended with Maggie stepping back, her eyes alight, as she bid Evan goodnight. He returned her smile, a fondness lingering in his chest. Yet, as she retreated to the guestroom, a strange unease settled over him. He replayed the night's events \endash  the laughter, the surprising ease between them, the sweetness of the kiss. His night with Maggie was good, great even. How could it feel so right and yet so wrong at the same time?}
\par\plain {He couldn't pinpoint the source of his inner conflict. Was it the unspoken promise of an annual relationship, the knowledge the end was already predetermined? A pang of guilt echoed in his heart, an uncomfortable reminder that he was leading Maggie towards a destined heartbreak. Or was it something deeper... a whisper of loyalty to Sarah, a flicker of doubt about whether he could ever truly move on?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 The questions lingered, unanswered, as Evan reached his bedroom door. He hesitated, hand on the knob, the room's familiar tranquility suddenly offering little comfort against the storm of his thoughts. }
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b1}