{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Liz plays a huge role in all 3 books. See she essentially is the matriarch in all 3 books. 1 of those naturally nurturing women that everyone loves. Ultimately, she is the one who somewhat covertly sets up Evan and Chloe. Although Chloe is not related to Liz, she plays a similar role in Chloe's life as she does and Evan's life \endash  mentor, mother, big sister, friend. Liz is the only one who has full faith that eventually the 2 seemingly opposites of Evan and Chloe are meant to be together.}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 The following description was pulled from book one. So while not complete, it gives a good initial explanation of Liz. Let me know if you have any questions:}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Liz Vaughn: }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Liz plays a small role in this book when she receives a call from Evan asking for advice about finding Sarah. However, understanding her role in Evan's life is essential. When Evan was a 10-year-old, his father left, and Liz, as a supportive big sister, became indispensable in his life. Their unshakable, unbreakable bond extends far beyond this event. As Evan's mother works two jobs to make ends meet, Liz steps in, taking on multiple roles. She becomes a big sister, a mentor, and a surrogate mother for Evan. Liz was always mature beyond her years. Even at 12 years old, she possesses the temperament and maturity of an adult. She embraces and thrives in her role, supporting Evan and their mom. Under Liz's guidance, Evan transforms from a resentful, hotheaded, rambunctious child and teen into a man everyone admires. She wishes she could find a way to help Evan let go of his resentment and forgive his father. The love and respect between Liz and Evan are as deep as any bond between siblings. Each would do anything for the other. Key Events: Her parents' divorce. Beliefs: Liz has a strong moral compass and believes family is life\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s most important part.}}