{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa160\sl259\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Liz took a steadying breath as she approached Evan's door. After a tearful drive and a heart-wrenching call with Chloe, the weight of her failed IVF was heavy. But this isn't about me, she reminded herself fiercely. It's about Evan.  She resolved to push her own pain aside, at least for now.}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 The door was unlocked, as usual when Evan knew she was coming. Liz let herself in, finding her brother slumped back in his recliner, his gaze fixed on the hockey game with an uncharacteristic vacancy.  Usually, he'd be leaning forward, eyes locked on the screen while he cheered or groaned at the Blackhawks' moves. Now, a trace of concern tightened her chest.}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 "You don't look so good, Evan. How are you feeling?" she asked, dropping onto the couch at a right angle to his chair.}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan straightened slightly, a touch of defensiveness crossing his face before he plastered on a smile. "Just a little rundown, that's all. Nothing to worry about."}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 "It's been almost a year since your last energy-drop episode. I was hoping maybe they were gone for good." Her voice held a tremor beneath its cautious hope.}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan sighed, and a shadow crossed his face. "Me too. It's my own fault, I haven't been getting as much rest as I should. I know better."}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Liz's hands clenched in her lap. "I really wish you would see a specialist, Evan."}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 "Can we please not talk about this again? We made an agreement. I do an extremely thorough physical every year, and if I don't get a clean bill of health, I'll consider seeing a specialist. I take good care of myself, and the physicals never indicate any problems." The familiar strain echoed in his voice.}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 "I know. But a specialist might be able to catch something that the physicals miss."}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan's jaw tightened. "You know how I feel about doctors, especially specialists. They'll manufacture some sort of diagnosis that requires me to take some kind of medicine they prescribe. They get kickbacks from the pharmaceutical companies, you know. You know how I feel about taking pharmaceutical drugs for any prolonged length of time. Even the helpful ones are toxic."}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Liz started to argue with Evan again, but the familiar frustration bubbled up. This was a debate they'd had countless times, and she did agree to his compromise. With a sigh, she forced herself to shift gears.}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 "When's the last time you had anything to eat?" she asked, a note of concern threading through her voice.}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan hesitated. "I had a protein shake this morning," he admitted, knowing she wouldn't like the answer.}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Liz pressed her lips together, her usual fussing instincts rising. "Let me cook you something. What are you craving?"}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 A hint of a smile \endash  a rare sight given his weakened state \endash  touched Evan's face. He was, in truth, starving, but the idea of cooking seemed impossible right now. "You're going to laugh, but... I miss those silly fried bologna sandwiches you used to make for me when we were kids. Remember when I got like this?" He gestured vaguely. "I always felt better after eating them."}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 A warmth crept into Liz's expression, a shimmer of shared nostalgia. "Honestly, I miss those too. Don't tell a soul, but I secretly love them just as much as you do. Does a glass of milk still go with the deal?"}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan's energy surged slightly, a testament to the power of simple comfort. "Of course. What Else?" he agreed.}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Liz hummed a tuneless melody as she flipped a bologna slice in the skillet, a familiar rhythm from their childhood. The sizzle of the bologna filled the room, a comforting scent mingling with the warmth of shared memories.  Despite a lingering ache beneath the surface, a lightness bubbled up from a well of childhood comfort, a tiny glimmer of joy amidst the echoes of recent disappointment. "So, how are things with Maggie?" she asked, glancing over towards Evan still sat slumped in his recliner.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 His voice drifted from the family room, still carrying a hint of fatigue but buoyed by a touch of enthusiasm."It's only been a few weeks, but everything's going according to plan. We're getting along great!  Though..." He rubbed a hand through his hair, a hint of tiredness returning.  "...I might be underestimating the energy it takes to drive back and forth to the western burbs for our dates and for the classes I teach down south."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Liz turned, a bologna slice poised on the spatula. "Sticking to the rules, are you?" A trace of skepticism laced her tone, but mostly, it held a sister's concern.}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan chuckled. "Yep! Well..." His smile faltered slightly. "There might be one I'm struggling with."}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 A frown creased Liz's lips. "That doesn't sound good. Which one?"}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 "I know I'm not supposed to get close to her inner circle. But Laura, her friend... she works from home a lot, so I see her around. We get along amazingly \endash  like peas in a pod!" A spark lit his eyes. "It's purely a friendship, but I really like her. And that makes me worry about..." He trailed off, the thought of ending the Maggie arrangement suddenly twisting his stomach.}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Liz slid a sandwich onto a plate, then hesitated. "So, are you convinced... you won't fall for Maggie?" The disappointment was clear in her voice.}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan's smile returned, but it held less carefree joy. "Maggie's fantastic! I definitely see her as more than a friend. But true love..." He sighed, reaching for a glass of milk.  "I had that once. And as much as I care about Maggie, it's just not... not that."}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Seeing the downturn of Liz's lips, he pushed on. "Trust me, Liz, this is real. We make each other better. Honestly, I didn't think my plan would work this well. Couldn't be happier."}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0}