{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f5\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Bold;}{\f6\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Italic;}{\f7\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 MS Sans Serif;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red130\green49\blue77;\red170\green64\blue101;\red76\green76\blue76;\red186\green124\blue93;\red0\green135\blue216;\red72\green33\blue219;\red139\green93\blue0;\red163\green101\blue209;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs32\b1\i0\cf4 Scene Enhancement Template:}
\par\plain \f2\fs22\b1\i0\cf5
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 Task: }{\f3\fs22\b0\i0 Craft a compelling segment for the scene titled \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8216\'91Evan Reveals Love, Annually Plan\u8217\'92, guided by the scene profile previously shared. Utilize the details below to enrich the scene\u8217\'92s narrative.}
\par\pard\plain \li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch \f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf6
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 Scene Number: }{\f3\fs22\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::0>11<!$Scr_Cs::0>}
\par\pard\plain \li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch \f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf6
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 Scene Title: }{\f3\fs22\b0\i0 Evan Reveals Love, Annually Plan}
\par\pard\plain \li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch \f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf6
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 Scene Part #: }{\f3\fs22\b0\i0 Part 1 of 1}
\par\pard\plain \li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch \f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf6
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 Scope Components:}
\par\pard\plain \sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b0\i1\cf7 [ Note: Include every line of dialogue given, unchanged, to keep the characters\loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8217\'92 voices authentic. Ensure no lines of dialogue are omitted to maintain narrative continuity. ]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::1>As everyone settled into their seats, Evan stood apart, a mix of nerves and excitement palpable in his stance. He launched into his announcement with a mischievous grin, "Before we start lightening Guido's pockets, I had an epiphany after yet another uninspiring date. I've breakthrough idea I can\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t wait to share with all you!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Laughter filled the room as Evan's remark hit its mark, especially with Guido as the butt of the joke. Guido retorted with equal humor, "Well, prepare yourselves, folks. By the end of the night, it's your money that will be migrating to my pocket!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 The room was alive with light-hearted ribbing, but as the laughter died down, all eyes turned back to Evan. Joe, ever impatient for the poker to commence, was the sole exception, his eagerness barely contained. Evan, knowing the power of engagement, chose to preface his reveal with an interactive approach, sidestepping a monologue for a more captivating entry into his proposal.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan posed a thought-provoking question to the group, "What's the major pitfall in long-term relationships?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Guido, ever the class clown, quipped, "<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::2>They end up hating each other.<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::1>"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Alicia, unable to resist a dig at Guido's expense, retorted with a straight face, "\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What would you know? Your idea of a long-term relationship is a three-day weekend."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Her comment, though not intended to amuse, sent ripples of laughter through the room. Even Guido, usually quick to bounce back with a jest of his own, acknowledged the hit with a chuckle.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I gotta hand it to you, Alicia, that was a good one!\u8221\'94 Guido conceded with a chuckle, admiration in his tone.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Alicia, clearly not swayed by Guido's praise, turned her focus back to Evan, dismissing the interruption, "Ignore him, Evan. Let's hear this idea of yours."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan, nodding at Guido's observation, added, "Well, 'hating' might be strong, but you're not entirely wrong."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 This acknowledgment drew a range of reactions: a smug smile from Guido, indifference from Joe, intrigue from Abe, and looks of astonishment from Liz and Alicia.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan, leaning into the conversation with a gravity that quieted the room, shared his findings. "It is well known that the divorce rate in this country is over 50%. Think about it. In this room, only Joe\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s parents are still together. Liz and my parents divorced when we were young. Guido and Alicia were raised by single moms, and Abe\u8217\'92s parents divorced later in life.\u8221\'94 His voice trailed off, inviting contemplation.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 The room fell into a reflective silence, the weight of Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s words settling over the group like a heavy blanket. Everyone exchanged glances, acknowledging the truth in Evan's observation without words. As the moment stretched, they collectively turned back to Evan, their faces a mixture of curiosity and resignation.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan, sensing their attention fully back on him, pressed on, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I would estimate that 90% of all committed relationships end in a breakup or divorce.\u8221\'94 His statement, bold and a bit unsettling, hung in the air.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Liz, ever the optimist and perhaps a bit defensive about the sanctity of relationships, couldn't help but challenge him. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Evan, that\u8217\'92s nonsense. 90%? Really?\u8221\'94 Disbelief tinged her voice, her eyebrows arching in skepticism.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Unfazed, Evan leaned into his argument further, a rhetorical question at the ready. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Can anyone guess how many people are registered on dating or hookup sites?\u8221\'94 His gaze swept the room, inviting speculation.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Liz, slightly irked by the direction of the conversation but engaged nonetheless, ventured a guess. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know, Evan - a million?\u8221\'94 Her tone was a mix of irritation and curiosity, a testament to her relationship with her brother.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan, eager to share his findings and perhaps sway his sister's opinion, corrected her with emphasis, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Conservatively, tens and tens and tens of millions.\u8221\'94 He repeated 'tens' for emphasis, his eyes alight with the thrill of revelation.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Liz, still struggling to wrap her mind around the figures, expressed her skepticism. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That can\u8217\'92t be right.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 But Evan stood firm, bolstered by his research. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s true, I researched it last night.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Guido, voiced his admiration. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93My boy did his homework!\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan, not missing a beat, continued with his train of thought, leaning forward for emphasis. "With a few cringy exceptions, that means, like me, those tens of millions of website members have a 100% failure rate." His statement, bold and a bit unsettling, seemed to echo in the quiet of the room.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Abe, nodded thoughtfully. "I think you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re right about that, Evan. I often hear the students at the University discussing their experiences with online dating. I would venture to guess that if you polled the students in my classes, the vast majority are currently or were recently members of a dating site.\u8221\'94 His deep voice carried the weight of experience, lending credibility to Evan's argument.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan, visibly buoyed by Abe's agreement, grew more animated. "Exactly! And that doesn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t even count the number of single people not using the web to find a partner.\u8221\'94 His eyes sparkled with the excitement of sharing his insights, his hands gesturing broadly to encompass the gravity of his statement.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Guido, unable to resist injecting his own brand of humor into the conversation, quipped with a smirk, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I have a feeling we have some more stats coming our way!\u8221\'94 His comment, though made in jest, acknowledged Evan's characteristic thoroughness and penchant for detail.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan, momentarily pausing to scratch his head in a display of mock contemplation, sighed. "When I think about all the couples I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve known over the years, it feels like half of them aren\u8217\'92t exactly living the dream. They stay together for the kids, convenience, financial concerns, or dread the idea of starting over. That leaves only 5% of relationships that I would consider healthy.\u8221\'94 His voice trailed off, a hint of sadness tinging his words as he contemplated the state of modern relationships.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Liz, feeling a mix of defensiveness and pride, couldn't help but respond. "What about the couples in this room? Our relationships are thriving!\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 Her tone carried a note of challenge, a testament to her belief in the strength of the bonds around her. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan, navigating the delicate balance of his next words, offered a gentle disclaimer. "I agree. I don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t want to offend anyone, but I can\u8217\'92t think of even one long-term relationship with energy matching levels when the relationship began. Most relationships peak within their first year." He hesitated, a thoughtful look crossing his face, aware that Liz was on the edge of her seat, perhaps ready to counter his next words. Sensing the tension, he decided not to dive deeper into the potentially contentious part of his theory.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Shifting his gaze to the distance, Evan's expression softened, a dreamlike quality entering his voice. "There\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s nothing quite like the first magical year getting to know someone. A time where everything feels fresh - the first kiss, the excitement of holding hands, the initial rush of exploring intimacy together, discovering new places to eat, maybe even that first trip away." He paused, lost for a moment in the reminiscence of such times, a wistful smile playing at the corners of his mouth.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 But the mood shifted as Evan's voice took on a somber tone, his gaze lowering to the floor. "But then, over time, everything shifts. It's like couples just stop trying. The spark goes out, they argue more, and that thrill of seeing each other fades away, sometimes disappearing entirely. Next thing you know, they are breaking up, signing divorce papers, and ending up with..." He trailed off, the weight of the words too heavy, before lifting his eyes to meet those of his audience. "...a whole lot of heartache." The room hung on his every word, a collective empathy in the air. "Even the best of couples can't seem to keep up the energy from their first year together." The reality of his statement seemed to settle over the room, a mix of agreement and contemplation in the eyes of his family and friends.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Alicia leaned in, her voice carrying the weight of wisdom and personal experience. "Let's not forget, Evan, everyone's love story is unique. Abe and I, we might not be all over each other like we just met, but our connection runs deep, built on respect. That includes respecting the long hours and the sacrifices we both make for our careers." Her words, sincere and heartfelt, resonated in the room, offering a different perspective on love.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Abe, always the philosopher, shared his thoughts with a calm, measured tone. "Evan, I've listened with an open mind, and you make some compelling points. However, trying to keep life at a perpetual climax? That's a puzzle no one can solve. Humans, like all creatures, aren't meant for endless peaks.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 His words, steeped in wisdom, seemed to echo through the room, challenging Evan's premise with gentle authority.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Liz, caught in a moment of self-reflection, sighed deeply, a mix of frustration and resignation in her voice. "I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92m ashamed to admit it, but Joe and I have let things slide between us far too often. After a grueling day, it's too tempting to just veg out. We end up ordering in and binge-watching instead of really connecting with each other." Her admission, raw and honest, struck a chord with everyone present.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan, his voice tinged with regret, quickly reassured his sister. "Liz, I didn't mean to make anyone feel bad, least of all you." His words were sincere, a brother's concern breaking through the tension of the conversation.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Liz, her tone softening, acknowledged Evan's intention. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I get it, you weren't pointing fingers. Yes, that early thrill of a new relationship has settled down with Joe and me. But it's been replaced by something so much stronger. My relationship with Joe is rooted in the only thing that counts - love. These roots run deep and are strong, not only because of life's greatest joys, but also because of life\u8217\'92s toughest challenges. With all your talk of numbers and percentages, you have left love out of the equation." Her words were a testament to the depth of her commitment, a beacon of hope amidst Evan's bleak outlook.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan, the hurt visible in his eyes and body language, responded with a voice laced with resignation. "I didn't factor in love because, for me, love's off the table. You get one shot at true love. I had mine, and now it's lost forever." The room fell into a stunned silence, the palpable pain of Evan's admission leaving a heavy air of sympathy and concern.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Liz, moved by her brother's vulnerability, wrapped him in a warm hug before stepping back, her eyes shining with care and love. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re young, wonderful, and handsome. Love will find its way back to you.\u8221\'94 Her words, filled with hope and belief, sought to mend the cracks in Evan's broken heart, reminding him and everyone present that love, in its many forms, remains an unyielding force.<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b1\i0\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::3>Step 2:<!$Scr_Cs::3>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::1>Alicia leaned in, her voice carrying the weight of wisdom and personal experience. "Let's not forget, Evan, everyone's love story is unique. Abe and I, we might not be all over each other like we just met, but our connection runs deep, built on respect. That includes respecting the long hours and the sacrifices we both make for our careers." Her words, sincere and heartfelt, resonated in the room, offering a different perspective on love.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Abe, always the philosopher, shared his thoughts with a calm, measured tone. "Evan, I've listened with an open mind, and you make some compelling points. However, trying to keep life at a perpetual climax? That's a puzzle no one can solve. Humans, like all creatures, aren't meant for endless peaks.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 His words, steeped in wisdom, seemed to echo through the room, challenging Evan's premise with gentle authority.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Liz, caught in a moment of self-reflection, sighed deeply, a mix of frustration and resignation in her voice. "I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92m ashamed to admit it, but Joe and I have let things slide between us far too often. After a grueling day, it's too tempting to just veg out. We end up ordering in and binge-watching instead of really connecting with each other." Her admission, raw and honest, struck a chord with everyone present.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan, his voice tinged with regret, quickly reassured his sister. "Liz, I didn't mean to make anyone feel bad, least of all you." His words were sincere, a brother's concern breaking through the tension of the conversation.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Liz, her tone softening, acknowledged Evan's intention. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I get it, you weren't pointing fingers. Yes, that early thrill of a new relationship has settled down with Joe and me. But it's been replaced by something so much stronger. My relationship with Joe is rooted in the only thing that counts - love. These roots run deep and are strong, not only because of life's greatest joys, but also because of life\u8217\'92s toughest challenges. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan, the hurt visible in his eyes and body language, responded with a voice laced with resignation. "I didn't factor in love because, for me, love's off the table. You get one shot at true love. I had mine, and now it's lost forever." The room fell into a stunned silence, the pain of Evan's admission leaving a heavy air of sympathy and concern.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Liz, moved by her brother's vulnerability, got up and wrapped him in a warm hug before stepping back, her eyes shining with care and love. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re young, wonderful, and handsome. Love will find its way back to you.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan, with a rare flash of irritation, rebuffed, <!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::2>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh really, Liz?\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::1>Raising his voice to ensure he was heard, Evan called out,<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs30\cf1  }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::2>"Hey, Joe."<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs30\cf1  }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::1>Joe glanced up from the deck of cards he was shuffling. With Joe's full attention, Evan posed a pointed question.<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs30\cf1  }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::2>"Joe, is there a backup plan for love if things go south with Liz?"<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::1>Joe didn't hesitate, his reply ringing with conviction.<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::0> <!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f2\fs22\b1\i0\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::3>"<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::2>Not a chance! Liz is my everything. There's no one else for me."<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::1>Evan turned back to Liz, pressing on,<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::2> \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And Liz, if you and Joe didn't make it, is there someone else who could take his place?\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::1>Liz, clearly agitated by Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s line of questioning, responded,<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs30\cf1  }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::2>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Evan, that\u8217\'92s not fair to ask.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::1>Evan stood firm, <!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::2>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s the fairest question of all. Look around; the couples in this room found their once-in-a-lifetime love and clung to it. If I still had my true love, I\u8217\'92d be content with those quiet nights in, embracing every high and low life throws at us, as long as we faced it together.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::1>Liz felt a rare irritation bubbling up.  It was unusual for Evan to counter every suggestion she made with such persistence. His readiness to challenge her at every turn was both surprising and unsettling.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Alicia, noticing the tension building in Liz, sought to steer the discussion in a more productive direction:<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::2> \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Evan, what\u8217\'92s the endpoint of all this? You mentioned having an epiphany that sparked a brilliant idea?\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::1>Alicia's intervention proved effective, pulling Evan back from the brink of despondency. Revitalized, the initial zeal with which Evan began the discussion made a comeback, signaling he was primed to divulge both his revelation and his novel approach to relationships.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan, his voice gaining the cadence of a seasoned storyteller, began, <!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::2>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So, there I was, driving home last night, just glad to have the date behind me. Yet, I couldn't help but replay every moment of it in my head. The woman I was with? She was undeniably attractive, intelligent, and had a great sense of humor. Despite her being practically perfect, the thought of a second date didn't even cross my mind.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::1>Guido chimed in with his trademark blend of jest and a sliver of sincerity,<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::2> \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I'll happily take her off your hands. Shoot me her number, will ya?\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::1>Alicia, seizing the moment to land a playful jab at Guido, retorted, <!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::2>"Dream on, Guido. She's way out of your league. Remember, Evan mentioned she's intelligent." <!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::1>The room erupted in laughter, marking the second time Alicia's quick wit won the crowd over.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Guido, conceding with a grin, acknowledged,<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::2> \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I've got to hand it to you, Alicia. You're really on fire tonight!\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::1>Evan, steering the conversation back to his revelation, continued,<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::2> \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Reflecting on the countless dates from the past year, I realized something. While a few were outright disasters and others simply fell flat, the majority involved decent women. And yet, I couldn't bring myself to see them again. It was during this reflection I had my epiphany. Deep down, I knew these relationships were doomed to fail or become unsatisfying.  More significantly, I finally accepted the fact that there was zero chance the relationship would result in true love.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::1>Liz, her voice laced with concern and a hint of desperation for Evan to view things from a brighter perspective, softly exclaimed, <!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::2>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, Evan.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::1>Abe, unexpectedly finding himself drawn into Evan's narrative, inquired with genuine interest, <!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::2>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So, what groundbreaking idea did this epiphany lead to?\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::1>Evan, unable to contain his anticipation, began energetically rubbing his hands together as if to warm up for the grand finale. <!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::2>"I'm glad you asked,"<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::1> he said, a spark of excitement lighting his eyes. <!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::2>"After coming to terms with the impossibility of ever finding true love again, it dawned on me that there might be another way to capture something just as fulfilling!"<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::1>Alicia leaned forward, intrigued. <!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::2>"And what's this 'next best thing'?" <!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::1>Grinning from ear to ear, Evan dove right in. "<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::2>Well, since dating's been a bust and finding 'the one' a second time is nothing more than a fairytale, I thought of something kinda out there. Why not find someone cool? Not just a pretty face, but someone I would like hanging out with. Since relationships are often all fireworks in the first year, why not make a deal to just enjoy that ride for a year? Then, when the year is over, call it quits while things are still good, avoiding all that mess when things start to go downhill."<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::1>With his idea now fully revealed, Evan's gaze swept across the room, searching for a hint of shared excitement. Instead, he was met with expressions ranging from perplexed to utterly astonished. Notably, Liz's reaction was the most striking to Evan; her features frozen in a state of sheer astonishment, far exceeding simple surprise or disbelief.}
\par\pard\plain \sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Liz, her voice laced with incredulity, couldn't mask her disbelief.  <!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::2>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Let me get this straight. Your grand scheme is to date a girl for a year and then dump her? What girl is going to go for that?\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\pard\plain \sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::1>Evan, feeling his intentions were being misconstrued, clarified,<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::2> \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It's not about 'dating' for a year, Liz. It\u8217\'92s about sharing a meaningful relationship for that time. But yes, finding someone agreeable to such a proposition might be a challenge.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::1>Alicia, chiming in with a dose of reality, pointed out, <!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::2>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Evan, any woman worth spending a year with isn\u8217\'92t going to sign up for an expiration date on the relationship.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\pard\plain \sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::1>Evan conceded,<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::2> \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re right, Alicia. Which is why I couldn\u8217\'92t disclose the full scope of my plan upfront. Besides, it could tarnish the Vaughn Foundation's reputation if it ever got out that I\u8217\'92m that I am going around asking women to be in relationship of this kind.\u8221\'94 <!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\pard\plain \sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::1>Liz couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t help but respond with a hint of sarcasm, <!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::2>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You think?\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::1>Evan leaned forward, a crease of concern etching his brow as he grappled with the ethical dilemma of his plan. "I don't feel great about not being able to disclose my plan upfront," he confessed, his voice tinged with unease. "But, I think I've found a way to compensate for the deceit and the hurt that an unexpected breakup might cause."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Liz raised an eyebrow, skepticism shadowing her features. "And how do you propose to manage that?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan met her gaze, his expression earnest, a spark of hope flickering in his eyes. "Abe made a great point about people not being meant to live at constant emotional highs. Considering it's just for a year, I plan to be 'the perfect boyfriend'\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 attentive, caring, supportive, ensuring her every need is met. I know that's something I can commit to for a year."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Liz folded her arms, unconvinced. "So, you believe being Mr. Perfect for a year makes up for the heartbreak of a blindside breakup?" she challenged, her voice rising slightly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan nodded, his conviction not faltering. "Yes, I genuinely believe that. If a woman were to truly consider it, I think many would accept a moment of heartache in exchange for a year of being treated well," he reasoned, trying to gauge his sister's reaction.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Liz, her affection for her brother evident despite her opposition to his plan, placed a comforting hand on his shoulder. "Evan, you're my brother, and I understand this is coming from a place of pain and loneliness," she said softly, her voice imbued with warmth yet firm with resolve. "But I cannot, in good conscience, stand by and watch you go through with such an ridiculous plan."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Guido, unable to remain a mere spectator any longer. "Look, Evan's approach might be a bit out there, but calling it ridiculous? That's a stretch."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Liz, eyebrows knitted in confusion and disbelief, turned to Guido. "How on earth can you defend this? Even if I wanted to support him, there's no way this plan could ever succeed. Evan, you're the despise lying and you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re bad at it. Any woman would see right through this in a heartbeat."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan massaged his temples. "I've been wrestling with this idea, thinking it through from every angle. Then It dawned on me, I wouldn't have to lie <!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0 per se\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 just avoid revealing my plan the breakup after a year.}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::1>"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Liz, shaking her head in disapproval: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Come on, Evan. You know better than that. The whole relationship would be one big lie.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 The weight of Liz's disappointment was a tangible force, pressing uncomfortably against Evan's chest. He knew she was right, yet admitting his desperation wasn't something he was prepared to do\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 not here, not in front of everyone. He struggled internally, his thoughts a whirlwind. <!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f6\fs26\i1\cf11 <$Scr_Cs::4>But Liz, I'm at my wit's end. Do I become like Guido, hopping from one bed to another? I'm done with dating; it's just not for me. What choices do I have left? Resign myself to solitude or go ahead with this plan?<!$Scr_Cs::4>}
\par\pard\plain \sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0 Seeing Evan struggle, Guido stepped in to support his friend: "Liz, I think you're being a bit harsh. Everybody holds back something in a relationship \endash  especially at the beginning.  The dating world is all about people presenting their best selves, not their real selves. }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s not planning to lie; he\u8217\'92s just focusing on being the best partner he can be. }{\f0\fs26\b0 Not because he has to, but because he wants to. That's is Evan's real self and there is no lie in that.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Liz, her voice laced with concern and a softening demeanor, responded: "But can't you see how that will make it harder on the poor girl? She\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ll be left heartbroken, wondering why everything so  perfect ended so suddenly."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Guido, never one to shy away from a debate\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 even with Liz, whom he respected deeply\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 countered: }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf8 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So what you're saying, Liz, is that Evan will never find true love again?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Liz was caught off guard by Guido's response }{The air was thick with puzzled glances, leaving the room in a rare state of perplexed silence as }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 everyone, including Evan, pondered the underlying message in Guido's challenge.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Alicia, visibly upset and rising to Liz's defense, snapped: "He didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t say that, Guido! Don\u8217\'92t twist her words.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Guido, with a hint of mischief yet making a point, retorted: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m just going by what I heard. It seemed pretty clear to me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Liz, trying to keep the peace, interjected: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Calm down you two. Guido, why would you think I'm saying Evan's never gonna find true love again?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Guido leaned in, his voice laced with conviction, "You're assuming it'll end in a breakup after a year, right?" }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Liz, perplexed yet intrigued by where Guido was leading, nodded, "That's the plan, isn't it?" }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 As the conversation unfolded, Guido shared his perspective on the unpredictable nature of relationships, emphasizing that every love story begins shrouded in uncertainty. He posited that even the most thought-out plans for a relationship seldom pan out as expected. }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf8 Guido suggested to Liz that Evan would probably fall in love with the first girl he tried this relationship plan with and a breakup would likely never happen. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Evan was irked by Guido's suggestion, }{\f6\fs26\b0\i1\cf11 <$Scr_Cs::4>Guido's nuts, I'm never going to fall in love again.<!$Scr_Cs::4>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::2> <!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf8 Evan's annoyance with Guido's claims gave way to feeling }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 a flicker of hope as he noticed Liz's expression soften}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf8 .}{\f6\fs26\b0\i1\cf11 <$Scr_Cs::4> Look at Liz's face! Is she finally starting to come around? <!$Scr_Cs::4>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::1>This hint of acceptance from Liz introduced a sliver of hope to Evan's rigid outlook, suggesting that the path of his planned relationship might not be as predetermined as he thought. <!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan (Seeing a crack in Liz's armor, he decided to run with it): \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, Liz. If there is a chance I might find love again, isn\u8217\'92t this a better way than what I\u8217\'92ve been doing the last year? Either I\u8217\'92m going to find a woman I love and want to spend the rest of my life with, or I will have a wonderful relationship for a year that would end in a breakup regardless. Come on, sis. Back me on this. I really need your support.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Liz, think about it. If there's even the smallest chance I could stumble upon love again, wouldn't this approach be better than the endless string of go-nowhere dates? It's either I discover someone to grow old with, or I enjoy a year of something meaningful before it inevitably ends. I need you in my corner on this one. Can't you see it's worth a shot?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Liz's response was a contemplative silence, her thoughts evidently churning.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::1>In Liz's silence, Evan saw a crack in the armor and turned up the sibling charm. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Liz, I'm begging here. I really think this could be good for me. I can't do this without your support. Please, for your baby brother?\u8221\'94 He urged, his child-like smile disarmingly sweet.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Liz, wordless, simply stood and retreated to another room, leaving Evan hanging in a suspenseful silence, wondering if his plea had reached her heart or if he'd pushed too far.<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf8
\par\plain \f7\fs18\b0\i0
\par\plain \f7\fs18\b0\i0
\par\plain \f7\fs18\b0\i0
\par\plain \f7\fs18\b0\i0
\par\plain \f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf8
\par\plain \f7\fs18\b0\i0
\par\plain \f7\fs18\b0\i0}