{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}{\f3\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 OpenSans-Bold;}{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 OpenSans;}{\f5\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red186\green124\blue93;\red139\green93\blue0;\red51\green51\blue51;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0>[  When refining/rewriting the first two paragraphs of narrative, it might be a good idea to provide more detail about what Evan did in the hour he was waiting to return to the girls. This might include a description of the location as defined in the scene profile \endash  the Riverwalk of Naperville. Evan spent much of his time exploring the Riverwalk.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 Also you might mention, that he stopped by the fall festival to check it out. Use your judgment, this is only a suggestion.]<!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 The last hour felt like four hours to Evan. He felt like an idiot for the way he interrupted Maggie and Laura\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s dinner. All the confidence he had earlier in the day was gone. Evan tried not to be too down on himself. He realized if he had not taken a chance with Maggie, he would be beating himself up for being a coward. Luckily the hour was over. He would know soon enough what the results would be.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 When Evan turned the corner, his mood quickly turned upward. There he saw two smiling women waiting for him. <!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \sa120\sl264\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs24\b1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f4\fs24\b0\i0\cf6  }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::3>(Relieved, courteously ensuring Laura that she is also invited):<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f4\fs24\b0\i0\cf6  \loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8220\'93}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92m so glad you\u8217\'92re here. I was sweating there for a while. I checked out the festival, and it looks like a lot of fun. Are you ladies ready?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Laura<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f4\fs24\b0\i0\cf6  }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::3>(Excited for Maggie):<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f4\fs24\b0\i0\cf6  \loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8220\'93You have a good time! Text me when you\u8217\'92re ready to be picked up.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::3>[ Laura grabbed Maggie by the shoulders and passed her off to Evan like she was a baton in a relay race. ]<!$Scr_Cs::3>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Laura<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f4\fs24\b0\i0\cf6   }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::3>(Saying as she walks away, leaving Evan and Maggie to enjoy their date without her):<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f4\fs24\b0\i0\cf6  \loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8220\'93Take good care of my girl.\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \tx9000\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf6 \~\tab }
\par\pard\plain \sa120\sl264\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs24\b1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f4\fs24\b0\i0\cf6  }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::3>(Sincere, excited, hopeful):<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f4\fs24\b0\i0\cf6  \loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8220\'93Thank you for giving me a chance. I have a feeling Laura was cheerleading for me after I left.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Maggie<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f4\fs24\b0\i0\cf6  }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::3>(happy but with mild apprehension):<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f4\fs24\b0\i0\cf6  \loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8220\'93She was definitely rooting for you. Before we head out, can we chat a bit?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f4\fs24\b0\i0\cf6  }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::3>(accommodating):<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f4\fs24\b0\i0\cf6  \loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8220\'93Absolutely. I know a spot that\u8217\'92s just perfect for us.\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0>[ Having explored the area for an hour before returning to the girls, Evan had a good idea where they could chat. Evan took Maggie to a quiet bench facing the river, far away from the noise of the crowded fair. ]<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx6768\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs24\b1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f4\fs24\b0\i0\cf6  }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::3>(gesturing is arms  and hands toward the bench):<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f4\fs24\b0\i0\cf6  \loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8220\'93Will this work?\u8221\'94\tab }
\par\pard\plain \sa120\sl264\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs24\b1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Maggie<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f4\fs24\b0\i0\cf6  }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::3>(Pleased as they both sat down.):<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f4\fs24\b0\i0\cf6  \loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8220\'93This is perfect.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Maggie<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f4\fs24\b0\i0\cf6  }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::3>(Wanting to clear the tiny bit of her skepticism remaining):<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f4\fs24\b0\i0\cf6  \loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8220\'93I wanted to ask you something, Evan. I want you to be honest. I give you credit for being creative if you made up that story, but I would like to know if it\u8217\'92s true. \u8220\'93}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::3><$Scr_Ps::0>[ Insert a narrative here before Evan speaks.<!$Scr_Cs::3>}
\par\plain \f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf4
\par\plain {\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::3>Evan thought about her question for a brief moment. He remembered that he told Liz that he wouldn\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92t have to lie but simply leave out the fact that his intention is to break up after one year. Evan recounted what he had told Maggie about the universe guiding him toward her and determined that every word was indeed true. This gave him the mental impression he needed to feel sincere in the dialogue that follows. ]<!$Scr_Cs::3><!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \sa120\sl264\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch \f4\fs24\b0\i0\cf6
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f4\fs24\b0\i0\cf6  }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::3>(Sincerely):<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f4\fs24\b0\i0\cf6  \loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8220\'93Honestly, I couldn\u8217\'92t make that up if I tried. It\u8217\'92s all true.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Maggie<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f4\fs24\b0\i0\cf6  }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::3>(Curious):<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f4\fs24\b0\i0\cf6  \loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s not important. But I\u8217\'92m curious, how old you are? I\u8217\'92m 26.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::3>:<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f4\fs24\b0\i0\cf6  \loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m 29.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Maggie<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f4\fs24\b0\i0\cf6  }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::3>(Earnestly impressed):<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f4\fs24\b0\i0\cf6  \loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8220\'93I checked out your company\u8217\'92s website. You\u8217\'92ve achieved a lot for your age.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f4\fs24\b0\i0\cf6  }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::3>(Grateful for her comments, humbly acknowledging others):<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f4\fs24\b0\i0\cf6  \loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8220\'93Thank you. I had a lot of help from a brilliant business partner, my sister, and a great team. I couldn\u8217\'92t have accomplished any of it without them.\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \tx9000\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf6 \~\tab }
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f4\fs24\b0\i0\cf6
\par\pard\plain \sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs24\b1\cf5 Maggie}{\f4\fs24\b0\cf6  }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 (Generally impressed, making her even more curious why Evan is single.):}{\f4\fs24\b0\i0\cf6  \loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8220\'93It is impressive. I think it\u8217\'92s a good idea to get to know each other better. I have to ask, why is a guy like you single?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b1\i0\cf5 Evan}{\f4\fs24\b0\i0\cf6  }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 (Sincere):}{\f4\fs24\b0\i0\cf6  \loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not a fan of playing the dating game, especially first dates,}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }{\f4\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 and I\loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8217\'92m no good at it. It\u8217\'92s like there\u8217\'92s all these unwritten rules that I don\u8217\'92t understand. But I am pretty sure I\u8217\'92m about to break one.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b1\i0\cf5 Maggie}{\f4\fs24\b0\i0\cf6  }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 (intrigued):}{\f4\fs24\b0\i0\cf6  \loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8220\'93Go for it!\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 [ Insert narrative here before Evan speaks.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 Evan rarely confides in anybody about painful memories. Especially when it comes to discussing his divorce and his ex-wife Sarah. However, he realizes that if he wants to have a relationship with Maggie, sooner or later he\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s going to have to divulge the fact that he was divorced over a year ago. Plus, he wants to get out of the way so he doesn\u8217\'92t have to think about it anymore.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 However, he wants to keep the mood light. This is his purpose for playfully admitting he\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s breaking a first date rule. He wants to hide his pain from Maggie.]<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa120\sl264\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs24\b1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f4\fs24\b0\i0\cf6  }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::3>(Hiding his pain with playfulness):<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f4\fs24\b0\i0\cf6  \loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8220\'93I know people aren\u8217\'92t supposed to talk about exes on their first date. But I wanted to be upfront with you from the start. I was married for several years and got divorced a little bit over a year ago. How bad of a first-date violation was that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Maggie<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f4\fs24\b0\i0\cf6  }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::3>(Reassuring, sharing her disdain for the lack of sincerity that often accompanies a first date):<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f4\fs24\b0\i0\cf6  \loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8220\'93You have nothing to worry about with me. I despise first-date etiquette. I don\u8217\'92t understand why people can\u8217\'92t be authentic from the start.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f4\fs24\b0\i0\cf6  }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::3>(Relieved, feeling a stronger connection in Maggie's validation):<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f4\fs24\b0\i0\cf6  \loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s a relief. Ever since my divorce, I\u8217\'92ve been on a string of dates with no spark. It\u8217\'92s been rough. Even worse when friends set you up, and you feel obligated for a second date.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Maggie<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f4\fs24\b0\i0\cf6  }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::3>(Validating, resigned):<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f4\fs24\b0\i0\cf6  \loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8220\'93Believe me, I understand. I\u8217\'92ve had my fair share of online dating nightmares, too. But honestly, my main issue is time. Between culinary school and work, I\u8217\'92m swamped.\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0>[ Have Maggie sigh or pause between the lines of dialogue. As much as she likes Evan, she's pretty sure which is about to tell him will dissuade him from pursuing a relationship with her. ]<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \sa120\sl264\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs24\b1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Maggie<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f4\fs24\b0\i0\cf6  }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::3>(resigned):<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f4\fs24\b0\i0\cf6  \loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8220\'93I go to culinary school five days a week in the morning, and I work as a line cook six, sometimes seven, nights a week. My only free time is a few hours in the afternoon and sometimes on Sundays.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f4\fs24\b0\i0\cf6  }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::3>(Sincere):<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f4\fs24\b0\i0\cf6  \loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8220\'93I think that\u8217\'92s great! I admire people who work hard to better their lives.\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \tx9000\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs24\b1\i0\ul\ulc0\cf6 \~\tab }
\par\pard\plain \sa120\sl264\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch \f3\fs24\b1\i0\cf6
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Maggie<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f4\fs24\b0\i0\cf6  }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::3>(Resigned, certain Evan will no longer be interested):<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f4\fs24\b0\i0\cf6  \loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s very kind of you to say. Evan, you are incredibly charming, and I like you. But I think our time together is going to be limited to tonight. I\u8217\'92ll understand if you don\u8217\'92t want to go to the festival together.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f4\fs24\b0\i0\cf6  }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::3>(Uncertain if Maggie is just letting him down gently):<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f4\fs24\b0\i0\cf6  \loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8220\'93Please be candid - no need to spare my feelings. If you didn\u8217\'92t have such a busy schedule, would you be interested in exploring a relationship with me?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Maggie<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f4\fs24\b0\i0\cf6  }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::3>(Reassuring, but still a bit apprehensive):<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f4\fs24\b0\i0\cf6  \loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8220\'93Don't misunderstand me, Evan. I think you're great, and I\u8217\'92d jump at the chance to see where this might go. I think that\u8217\'92s what scares me the most. I\u8217\'92ve been dumped by a boyfriend who complained I didn\u8217\'92t see him enough. I don\u8217\'92t want to get too attached and then have that happen again.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f4\fs24\b0\i0\cf6
\par\plain {\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::3>[ Insert narrative here before Evan speaks.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 Evan had not prepared any sort of speech ahead of time. He was flying by the "seat of his pants" so to speak. A fond memory popped into his head. He remembered his first date with Sarah. Sarah had approached their first date like a business meeting. Like Maggie, Sarah had a busy schedule, and like Evan, Sarah had little interest in playing the dating game. Sarah a business major, and trained by her father in the art of contract negotiations, approached the date as if her and Evan were negotiating a business partnership. While this might have sent most men running, Evan loves Sarah's approach. He happily agreed to Sarah's "relationship/partnership conditions." He admired Sarah's attempt to make sure they were fair to both of them.<!$Scr_Cs::3>}
\par\plain \f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf4
\par\plain {\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::3>Evan was hoping that seeing Maggie's reaction to sharing details of his first date with Sarah, would give him an indication on her readiness to do something similar \endash  albeit less business-like.  ]<!$Scr_Cs::3>}
\par\plain \f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf4
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f4\fs24\b0\i0\cf6  }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::3>(fondly reliving his first date was Sarah):<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f4\fs24\b0\i0\cf6  \loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8220\'93I remember this one date during my college years, it was pretty out of the ordinary. She was a busy business major, and we had a spark. Instead of the usual dating dance, she suggested we just start a relationship right there and then. It was like we were negotiating a partnership.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Maggie<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f4\fs24\b0\i0\cf6  }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::3>(Giggling, interjected):<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f4\fs24\b0\i0\cf6  \loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8220\'93Talk about breaking first-date rules.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f4\fs24\b0\i0\cf6  }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::3>(Eyes widened as he enthusiastically continued):<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f4\fs24\b0\i0\cf6  \loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8220\'93I know, right? But it was great! She did a good job of laying out all the expectations upfront. She told me what she had to offer and what she expected from me and then opened it up for discussion. I know it sounds unromantic, but it felt the opposite. I was pleasantly surprised, to say the least.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Maggie<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f4\fs24\b0\i0\cf6  }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::3>(Laughing, but then realizing Evan's purpose in telling the story hinted at something more):<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f4\fs24\b0\i0\cf6  \loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8220\'93Seriously? That's amusing yet fascinating. Are you suggesting we take a similar approach.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f4\fs24\b0\i0\cf6  }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::3>(Excited that Maggie understood is intent behind the story and seemed open to the idea):<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f4\fs24\b0\i0\cf6  \loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s precisely what I am suggesting!\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \tx9000\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf6 \~\tab }
\par\pard\plain \sa120\sl264\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch \f3\fs24\b1\cf5
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Maggie<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f4\fs24\b0\i0\cf6  }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::3>(Encouraged, but unconvinced this would work):<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f4\fs24\b0\i0\cf6  \loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8220\'93Listen, I absolutely love the idea of leapfrogging the dating game. But how could we make it work with my schedule and you living an hour away?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f4\fs24\b0\i0\cf6
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0>[ Insert narrative here before Evan speaks. }
\par\plain \f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 I think this is an important point we need to get across to the readers as the scene unfolds. What's about to happen in the next several scene segments, is that Maggie, convinced that her concerns are unresolvable, begins shooting obstacles in Evan's direction. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 However, in Evan's mind everything she is saying is even more confirmation that the universe had picked her. He mentally refers back to the rules Liz prepared. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 In this scene segment, Evan sees Maggie's busy schedule as conducive to keeping in line with the rule not to get integrated into her inner circle of friends and family  \endash  there simply won't be enough time. He also perceives that their minimal time together will prevent her from getting too attached and make the breakup easier when the years over. Granted, Evan is trying to convince himself that this is true, without necessarily believing it to be true.  }
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 Additionally, the readers will begin to see Evan's "problem-solving" skills. In life and in business, Evan naturally kicks into problem-solving mode when he sees a situation that needs attention.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 ]<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \sa120\sl264\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch \f4\fs24\b0\i0\cf6
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f4\fs24\b0\i0\cf6  }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::3>(Optimistic problem-solving):<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f4\fs24\b0\i0\cf6  \loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8220\'93Your schedule may not be as problematic as you think. I have a busy schedule, too, and I spend a lot of time traveling as part of my efforts for my foundation. Since we both have busy schedules, neither one of us will complain about it. Plus, I think there\u8217\'92s a silver lining to seeing each other less often than we\u8217\'92d like.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Maggie<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f4\fs24\b0\i0\cf6  }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::3>(Intrigued):<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f4\fs24\b0\i0\cf6  \loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8220\'93A silver lining?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f4\fs24\b0\i0\cf6  }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::3>(Optimistic):<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f4\fs24\b0\i0\cf6  \loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8220\'93Yes. If we always leave each other wanting more, think how excited we will be every time we see each other! What\u8217\'92s more important in any relationship than being excited to see your partner?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Maggie<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f4\fs24\b0\i0\cf6  }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::3>(Impressed with Evan's perspective, but still apprehensive, throwing another obstacle his way):<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f4\fs24\b0\i0\cf6  \loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve got to say, Evan, I never thought about it like that. I like the way you think. But even if we can work that out, I have another huge concern.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f4\fs24\b0\i0\cf6  }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::3>(Now in problem-solving mode, he's ready to resolve any concern.):<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f4\fs24\b0\i0\cf6  \loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m sure we can find a solution. What\u8217\'92s your concern?\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0>[ FYI: In the next several segments of the scene, Maggie's stress regarding money and finances begins to show itself. Later in the story, we see how this recurring fear she has's money impacts her life.]<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \sa120\sl264\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs24\b1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Maggie<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f4\fs24\b0\i0\cf6  }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::3>(Apprehensive):<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f4\fs24\b0\i0\cf6  \loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8220\'93Based on what I saw on the Internet. I think it\u8217\'92s safe to assume you have money. Unfortunately, I have an issue with money.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::3>:<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f4\fs24\b0\i0\cf6  \loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s the issue?\u8220\'93}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Maggie<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f4\fs24\b0\i0\cf6  }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::3>(An exasperating tone, half-joke, half-serious):<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f4\fs24\b0\i0\cf6  \loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8220\'93My issue is, I don\u8217\'92t have any. \u8220\'93 }
\par\plain {\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::3>[Evan giggled at Maggie's semi-joke] <!$Scr_Cs::3>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Maggie <!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::3>(Continuing, stress evident in her tone):<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f4\fs24\b0\i0\cf6   \loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8220\'93 I barely get by working six days a week, and just thinking about money stresses me out. Last year, I dated a guy with money. It didn\u8217\'92t work out,\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f4\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 : \loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8220\'93May I ask why?\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \tx9000\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf6 \~\tab }
\par\pard\plain \sa120\sl264\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch \f4\fs24\b0\i0\cf6
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Maggie<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f4\fs24\b0\i0\cf6  }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::3>(reliving her unpleasant experience):<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f4\fs24\b0\i0\cf6  \loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8220\'93He would always take me to these fancy restaurants. I cringed at the thought of how much he was spending. I would always look away when the check came. I think that annoyed him because one day, he made sure I knew how much it cost. Oh my God, Evan, between the wine and the food, the bill was enough to pay my electricity for months. I couldn\u8217\'92t even enjoy the food anymore.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f4\fs24\b0\i0\cf6  }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::3>(Interjecting with the role of his eyes):<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f4\fs24\b0\i0\cf6  \loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8220\'93Flaunting his wealth, I know the type.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Maggie<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f4\fs24\b0\i0\cf6  }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::3>(Continued, unpleasantness of her past experience affected in her tone):<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f4\fs24\b0\i0\cf6  \loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8220\'93It wasn\u8217\'92t just that. I don\u8217\'92t think he liked the way I dressed. He would shower me with gifts of designer clothes and shoes. I don\u8217\'92t wear that stuff. He ignored my request to stop giving me these gifts. So, I decided to return what I could and use the money to pay bills. Anything I couldn\u8217\'92t return, I gave to Laura. She was getting more out of that relationship than I was. The guy found out what I was doing and broke up with me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f4\fs24\b0\i0\cf6  }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::3>(Sincere, validating):<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f4\fs24\b0\i0\cf6  \loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8220\'93That guy was a jerk. A woman should wear what she\u8217\'92s comfortable wearing, not what the man wants her to wear. It\u8217\'92s one thing for a man to give a woman a gift because of how he feels about her. However, it\u8217\'92s quite another thing to repeatedly give her unwanted gifts. \u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0>[ Maggie doesn't say anything between these two lines of dialogue from Evan, but I want the reader to see that she's relieved to get that off her chest, and gives Evan a warm smile seeing that he understands the situation. Another aspect of her relief, is that she senses that Evan is the opposite of the wealthy man she dated in the past. ]<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \sa120\sl264\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs24\b1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f4\fs24\b0\i0\cf6  }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::3>(Thoughtful trying to get a better understanding):<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f4\fs24\b0\i0\cf6  \loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8220\'93I am curious, though. Being a culinary student, wouldn\u8217\'92t you enjoy going to all types of restaurants - even expensive ones? I enjoy expensive restaurants as much as I enjoy a good mom-and-pop hotdog joint.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Maggie<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f4\fs24\b0\i0\cf6  }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::3>(Trying to understand it herself):<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f4\fs24\b0\i0\cf6  \loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8220\'93Well... I suppose. I guess because I\u8217\'92m always so broke, fine dining feels like such a waste of money.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f4\fs24\b0\i0\cf6  }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::3>(inquiring, Collecting more information needed to resolve this issue):<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f4\fs24\b0\i0\cf6  \loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8220\'93So, if money was not a factor, would you enjoy going to more expensive restaurants occasionally, or would you consider that an unwelcome gift?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Maggie<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f4\fs24\b0\i0\cf6  }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::3>(Answering Evan question):<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f4\fs24\b0\i0\cf6  \loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8220\'93If money were no object, I would love to try all types of restaurants. I plan to get a job at a high-end restaurant when I get my culinary degree. They\u8217\'92ll pay a lot more than I make now, and then I can save money for my ultimate dream.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::3>:<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f4\fs24\b0\i0\cf6  \loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8220\'93And that is?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Maggie<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f4\fs24\b0\i0\cf6  }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::3>(Her dreams bring a sparkle to her eyes):<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f4\fs24\b0\i0\cf6  \loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8220\'93I want to own an Irish pub one day. A place where regular folk can get good food without breaking the bank.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f4\fs24\b0\i0\cf6  }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::3>(Genuinely enthusiastic):<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f4\fs24\b0\i0\cf6  \loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8220\'93I love that idea! Most pubs I\u8217\'92ve visited around town seem to deep-fry everything.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Maggie<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f4\fs24\b0\i0\cf6  }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::3>(Enjoying Evan's response to her dream):<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f4\fs24\b0\i0\cf6  \loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8220\'93Yep! Straight from the freezer. I want my place to be different - fresh comfort food at a place that feels like home.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f4\fs24\b0\i0\cf6  }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::3>(Energizing):<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f4\fs24\b0\i0\cf6  \loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92d be first in line!\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f4\fs24\b0\i0\cf6  }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::3>(Ready to lay out his proposed solution):<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f4\fs24\b0\i0\cf6  \loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8220\'93I have a great idea that will resolve all your concerns.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Maggie<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f4\fs24\b0\i0\cf6  }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::3>(Intrigued):<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f4\fs24\b0\i0\cf6  \loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t see how, but lay it on me!\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \tx9000\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf6 \~\tab }
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 [ }
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 I may eventually make this the beginning of a new scene. But for now I'll keep it as part of the scene.}
\par\plain \f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 I want an effective narrative to reflect Evan's feelings and thoughts before he proposes his ideas to Maggie. I like you to integrate some internal dialogue as part of the narrative. Make the narrative as long or short as you like, it doesn't need to be limited to one paragraph you feel it needs more.}
\par\plain \f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 Here are the thoughts I like to convey before Evan proposes his solutions.}
\par\plain \f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4  Evan is feeling very good about how this is all playing out. He feels that Maggie situation is a perfect fit for his relationship plan.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4   1. Her busy schedule will prevent them from getting too close.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4   2. The distance between them ensuring they won't run into each other during or after the breakup.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4   3. He generally feels that he can add value to Maggie's life. Keep in mind, Evan worked hard to get where he is, but he embraces a life that prioritizes enjoyment of life.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4   4. Problem solver Evan, feels this will be a win-win for them both. His mind is not on the ultimate pain of the breakup, but of the positive aspects prior to the inevitable breakup. }{\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 ]<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \sa120\sl264\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch \f4\fs24\b0\i0\cf6
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f4\fs24\b0\i0\cf6  }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::3>(Problem solver Evan begins to lay out his plan):<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f4\fs24\b0\i0\cf6  \loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8220\'93Here\u8217\'92s what I propose. When I\u8217\'92m not traveling, my schedule is very flexible. Since your free time is limited to afternoon hours, that\u8217\'92s when we will spend our time together. I\u8217\'92ve always wanted to learn to cook, so why don\u8217\'92t we do this. You teach me how to cook. I\u8217\'92ll buy the proteins and other expensive ingredients. You can supply the kitchen and the spices and other basics. We can hang out at your place, cook together, watch movies, and do whatever other fun stuff we can squeeze into the hours between school and work. How does that sound so far?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Maggie<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f4\fs24\b0\i0\cf6  }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::3>(Struggling to believe the wonderful things she's hearing, her skepticism returns):<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f4\fs24\b0\i0\cf6  \loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8220\'93It sounds too good to be true. You\u8217\'92d really be willing to drive all the way out here during the week just to see me for a few hours?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f4\fs24\b0\i0\cf6  }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::3>(Sincere, excited):<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f4\fs24\b0\i0\cf6  \loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8220\'93Absolutely! Although I hope to squeeze a few Sundays in there now and then. I have a great idea about expanding your dining horizons.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Maggie<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f4\fs24\b0\i0\cf6  }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::3>(Enjoying this ride):<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f4\fs24\b0\i0\cf6  \loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8220\'93Let\u8217\'92s hear it!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f4\fs24\b0\i0\cf6  }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::3>(Continuing with his plan):<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f4\fs24\b0\i0\cf6  \loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8220\'93Let\u8217\'92s try to go out for a meal once a week or as often as our schedules allow. We\u8217\'92ll each take turns choosing a restaurant. There will be times when I\u8217\'92ll pick an expensive restaurant, and there will be times when I opt for something inexpensive. When it\u8217\'92s your turn, you can choose whatever restaurant you like. As far as money goes, as much as you are concerned about money, I am the opposite. I don\u8217\'92t care about money at all.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Maggie<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f4\fs24\b0\i0\cf6  }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::3>(Mostly joking, but with a hint of realization in its truth):<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f4\fs24\b0\i0\cf6  \loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s because you have it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f4\fs24\b0\i0\cf6  }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::3>(Reflective, sincere):<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f4\fs24\b0\i0\cf6  \loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s true, but it wasn\u8217\'92t always that way. I spent much of my childhood living with a single mom, working two jobs to make ends meet. I learned that I could enjoy life, with or without money.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::3>[ Hearing of Evan's pre-wealth past and connecting with his mother's plight of having to work two jobs to make ends meet, Maggie felt her skepticism begin to fade away and her connection with Evan to strengthen significantly. ]<!$Scr_Cs::3>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Maggie<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f4\fs24\b0\i0\cf6  }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::3>(Resigned):<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f4\fs24\b0\i0\cf6  \loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8220\'93I understand that, but it\u8217\'92s hard to maintain that perspective when rent is due.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f4\fs24\b0\i0\cf6  }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::3>(Persuasive, challenging):<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f4\fs24\b0\i0\cf6  \loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8220\'93Of course, but if you\u8217\'92re in a friendship or any kind of relationship, where the person you are with understands your struggle and is happy to foot the bill, it seems silly not to enjoy the shared experience. Don\u8217\'92t you think?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Maggie<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f4\fs24\b0\i0\cf6  }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::3>(Struggling):<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f4\fs24\b0\i0\cf6  \loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know, Evan. I don\u8217\'92t think you understand how severe my aversion to money is.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f4\fs24\b0\i0\cf6  }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::3>(Smiling to keep the mood light, but challenging Maggie, she will recognize his benevolent intent):<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f4\fs24\b0\i0\cf6  \loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8220\'93Well, I might as well go for broke since I\u8217\'92m breaking first-date rules and say what my sister would say to me if I told her that. Get over it!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Maggie<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f4\fs24\b0\i0\cf6  }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::3>(Getting his point and joining him and keeping the moonlight, she laughs):<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f4\fs24\b0\i0\cf6  \loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8220\'93You do suck at first dates!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f4\fs24\b0\i0\cf6  }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::3>(Relieved and laughing along with her):<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f4\fs24\b0\i0\cf6  \loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8220\'93Told ya!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Maggie<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f4\fs24\b0\i0\cf6  }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::3>(Experiencing a bit of self belief that she's actually considering taking up Evan on his offer, not even sure who to thank for the hopeful feeling she's experiencing.):<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f4\fs24\b0\i0\cf6  \loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8220\'93Your sister sounds like Laura. But I see your point or their point, or whoever\u8217\'92s point.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f4\fs24\b0\i0\cf6  }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::3>(Surprised, excited):<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f4\fs24\b0\i0\cf6  \loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8220\'93Does that mean you\u8217\'92re willing to try this?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Maggie<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f4\fs24\b0\i0\cf6  }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::3>(Surprising herself, but joining Evan and the excitement.):<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f4\fs24\b0\i0\cf6  \loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8220\'93I can\u8217\'92t believe I\u8217\'92m saying this, but I would love to give this a try!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f4\fs24\b0\i0\cf6  }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::3>(Evan exclaims while high-fiving the equally excited Maggie.):<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f4\fs24\b0\i0\cf6  \loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8220\'93Yay!\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \tx9000\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf6 \~\tab }
\par\pard\plain \sa120\sl264\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch \f3\fs24\b1\cf5
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Maggie<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f4\fs24\b0\i0\cf6  }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::3>(Apprehensiveness skepticism gave way to optimism):<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f4\fs24\b0\i0\cf6  \loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8220\'93You know, Evan. I think this is going to be fun. I\u8217\'92m not sure who to thank. You, Laura, your sister, or your college date.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Maggie<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f4\fs24\b0\i0\cf6  }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::3>(Part curious and parted joking, didn't realize she was about to strike a nerve in Evan):<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f4\fs24\b0\i0\cf6  \loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8220\'93Whatever happened with the girl from college?\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::2><$Scr_Ps::0>[ Integrate the following concept as you see fit.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 That question caused Evan\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s enthusiasm and energy to drop like an anvil. After a long pause, he said, \u8220\'93I married her.\u8221\'94 He got up from the bench and walked a few feet to the river\u8217\'92s edge to look out over the water. There he stood in painful remembrance of the loss of Sarah]<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx1860\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs24\b1\cf5 Evan<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f4\fs24\b0\i0\cf6  }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::3>(Looking down, somber):<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f4\fs24\b0\i0\cf6  \loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8220\'93I married her.\u8221\'94 }
\par\pard\plain \sa120\sl264\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs24\b1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Maggie<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f4\fs24\b0\i0\cf6  }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::3>(Regret for accidentally sparking Evan's pain, compassionate):<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f4\fs24\b0\i0\cf6  \loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m sorry. I hit a nerve there, didn\u8217\'92t I?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f4\fs24\b0\i0\cf6  }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::3>(Downplaying the pain, working to move past it.):<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f4\fs24\b0\i0\cf6  \loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s okay, Maggie. I\u8217\'92ll get past it. I always do.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Maggie<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f4\fs24\b0\i0\cf6  }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::3>(Compassionate):<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f4\fs24\b0\i0\cf6  \loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8220\'93You look like you need a hug.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f4\fs24\b0\i0\cf6
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0>[ Maggie gave Evan a compassionate, caring, warm hug. ]<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa120\sl264\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs24\b1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Maggie<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f4\fs24\b0\i0\cf6  }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::3>(Compassionate, Acknowledging the pain she signed Evan):<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f4\fs24\b0\i0\cf6  \loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8220\'93She broke your heart, didn\u8217\'92t she? That\u8217\'92s really why you\u8217\'92re single, isn\u8217\'92t it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f4\fs24\b0\i0\cf6  }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::3>(Wanting to avoid talking about the pain, struggling to move past it):<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f4\fs24\b0\i0\cf6  \loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, Maggie. I\u8217\'92m not good at talking about this kind of stuff.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Maggie<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f4\fs24\b0\i0\cf6  }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::3>(Mirroring Evan's earlier words about compromise being needed in relationship, she challenges Evan to open up - her intent is well-meaning.):<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f4\fs24\b0\i0\cf6  \loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8220\'93Maybe this is where it\u8217\'92s your turn to compromise, open up more. It\u8217\'92s obvious how much pain you\u8217\'92re feeling. Suppressing that kind of pain can kill a new relationship. What would your sister tell you to do?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f4\fs24\b0\i0\cf6  }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::3>(Sharing his sister's similar encouragement):<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f4\fs24\b0\i0\cf6  \loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8220\'93Liz always encourages me to share my feelings about the divorce. She feels it\u8217\'92s unhealthy to hold it all in.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Maggie<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::3>:<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f4\fs24\b0\i0\cf6  \loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8220\'93Maybe you should listen to her.\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 [ I think we should consider adding narrative here before Evan speaks.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 As is shown throughout the book, getting Evan to open up about his painful past and emotional baggage, is like trying to pry open a bank vault with nothing more than a crowbar.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 However, in this moment, Evan was caught off guard. Something about Maggie, or maybe it was the moment, made him feel comfortable. Evan found himself sharing information that seem to want to come out whether he liked it or not.]<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \sa120\sl264\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch \f4\fs24\b0\i0\cf6
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f4\fs24\b0\i0\cf6  }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::3>(Uncharacteristically Showing vulnerability):<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f4\fs24\b0\i0\cf6  \loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8220\'93You know what I miss most, Maggie? It\u8217\'92s the intimacy. I don\u8217\'92t mean sex. Any two people can enjoy sex together. I mean little stuff, like kissing, cuddling, holding hands in public, knowing someone is out there thinking of you as much as you\u8217\'92re thinking of them. That level of intimacy must be real. You can\u8217\'92t fake it.\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0>[ Consider inserting Maggie's physiological response between Evan's dialogue. For example, perhaps tears come to her eyes, or she come's her hands over her heart. Something like that. Maggie is indeed a very empathetic person, and she is feeling Evan's pain along with him in this moment. ]<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \sa120\sl264\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs24\b1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f4\fs24\b0\i0\cf6  }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::3>(somber, Vulnerable, Evan has no agenda here, he is just sharing his feelings in the moment):<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f4\fs24\b0\i0\cf6  \loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8220\'93Being alone, is not the most difficult part of not being in a relationship. Instead, it\u8217\'92s knowing there is no one to turn to when I need that type of care and intimacy. I haven\u8217\'92t been kissed or even held hands in over a year. I crave it. I miss it. I feel so broken.\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0>[ Conclude this scene with a dramatic, heart-wrenching, moment as Maggie notices Evan holding back his tears which was more than she could do. Her tears flowed as she once again gave Evan a warm, lasting embrace. If you feel there should be a line of dialogue added from Maggie, feel free to add it. My original design was just to end in a silent embrace. ]<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \sa120\sl264\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch \f4\fs24\b0\i0\cf6
\par\pard\plain \sa160\sl259\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch \f0\fs22\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs22\b0\i0}