{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Bold;}{\f5\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f6\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}{\f7\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-BoldItalic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red130\green49\blue77;\red170\green64\blue101;\red76\green76\blue76;\red186\green124\blue93;\red139\green93\blue0;\red0\green108\blue175;\red208\green78\blue124;\red0\green135\blue216;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\f4\fs26\b1\i0\fi-480\li960\lin960}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs32\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_H::2>Scene Enhancement Template:<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 <!$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 Task: }{\f3\fs22\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::3>Craft a compelling segment for the scene titled 'Evan Preps Liz for His Plan Unveiling', guided by the scene profile previously shared. Utilize the details below to enrich the scene's narrative.<!$Scr_Cs::3><!$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch \f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf6
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Ps::2>Scene Number: }{\f3\fs22\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::3>9<!$Scr_Cs::3><!$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch \f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf6
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Ps::2>Scene Title: }{\f3\fs22\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::3>Evan Preps Liz for His Plan Unveiling.<!$Scr_Cs::3><!$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch \f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf6
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Ps::2>Scene Part #: }{\f3\fs22\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::3>Part 1 of 1<!$Scr_Cs::3><!$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch \f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf6
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Ps::2>Scene Enhancement Template - Instructions to follow when enhancing the scene:<!$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch \f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf6
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f4\fs26\b1\i0 1.	}{\f4\fs26\b1\i0 Use Dialogue Exactly as Provided}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 : Include every line of dialogue given, unchanged, to keep the characters' voices authentic.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f4\fs26\b1\i0 2.	}{\f4\fs26\b1\i0 Complete Dialogue Inclusion}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 : Ensure no lines of dialogue are omitted to maintain narrative continuity.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f4\fs26\b1\i0 3.	}{\f4\fs26\b1\i0 Incorporate Action and Dialogue Tags}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 : Add detailed action tags, dialogue tags, and narrative around the dialogue as directed. Use brackets or parentheses for specific instructions on tone, context, and actions.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f4\fs26\b1\i0 4.	}{\f4\fs26\b1\i0 Modify Narrative as Needed}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 : While keeping dialogue intact, feel free to adjust narrative sections for clarity and impact.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f4\fs26\b1\i0 5.	}{\f4\fs26\b1\i0 Maintain Simple Past Tense}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 : Consistently use simple past tense across the scene for uniformity.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f4\fs26\b1\i0 6.	}{\f4\fs26\b1\i0 Focus on Immersive Storytelling}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 : Avoid any mention of the writing process or scene creation within the story.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f4\fs26\b1\i0 7.	}{\f4\fs26\b1\i0 Show, Don\loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8217\'92t Tell}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 : Favor vivid descriptions and actions over simple exposition. Use Deep POV to deepen the reader's connection with characters.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f4\fs26\b1\i0 8.	}{\f4\fs26\b1\i0 Format Internal Dialogue}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 : Use italics for thoughts to distinguish them from spoken words.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f4\fs26\b1\i0 9.	}{\f4\fs26\b1\i0 New Paragraph for New Speakers}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 : Start a new paragraph with each change of speaker to maintain clarity.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f4\fs26\b1\i0 10.	}{\f4\fs26\b1\i0 Natural Dialogue}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 : Use contractions to make dialogue sound more natural.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f4\fs26\b1\i0 11.	}{\f4\fs26\b1\i0 Prepare for Publication}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 : Format the scene as if for publication, following narrative structure and character development standards.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f4\fs26\b1\i0 12.	}{\f4\fs26\b1\i0 Adhere to Format and Restrictions}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 : Avoid dialogue markers ("Evan:"), embedded instructions, bullet points, and the word "palpable."}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 These guidelines aim to ensure the scene aligns with the author's vision, offering a seamless and engaging narrative experience.}
\par\plain \f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf6
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Ps::1>Scene Enhancement Template - Scope Components:<!$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\ltrch\loch {\f5\fs22\b0\i1\cf7 [ Note: Include every line of dialogue given, unchanged, to keep the characters' voices authentic. Ensure no lines of dialogue are omitted to maintain narrative continuity. ]<!$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch \f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf6
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Liz was in the kitchen of her Glenview, Illinois home. She was preparing snacks for the monthly poker game she hosted. Her husband, Joe, had already finished his job of setting up the poker table and making sure the drinks were stocked. He was watching TV in the basement, waiting for the guests to arrive.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\ltrch\loch {\f6\fs26\b0\i1\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::5><$Scr_Ps::4>[Evan arrived earlier than usual, bursting with excitement through the unlocked front door of Liz and Joe's home. He brought Liz flowers and a bottle of her favorite wine. ]<!$Scr_Cs::5><!$Scr_Ps::4><$Scr_Ps::6>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs28\b1\i0\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::7>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::7>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf9  }{\f6\fs26\b0\i1\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::5>(Excited):<!$Scr_Cs::5>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf9  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hi, sis!\u8221\'94 }{\f6\fs26\b0\i1\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::5>(Evan said before giving her a great big hug.)<!$Scr_Cs::5>}
\par\plain {\f4\fs28\b1\i0\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::7>Liz (Happy):<!$Scr_Cs::7>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf9  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Wow, that was some entrance! What did I do to deserve these wonderful gifts?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f4\fs28\b1\i0\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::7>Evan: <!$Scr_Cs::7>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf9 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No special reason. I was just in the mood to give my big sis some flowers and wine!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f4\fs28\b1\i0\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::7>Liz: <!$Scr_Cs::7>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf9 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That must have been some date last night. I haven\u8217\'92t seen you this excited in forever\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f4\fs28\b1\i0\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::7>Evan: <!$Scr_Cs::7>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf9 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It was nothing spectacular. It was just a decent date like they all are\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f4\fs28\b1\i0\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::7>Liz: <!$Scr_Cs::7>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf9 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If they\u8217\'92re all decent, then how come you rarely go on a second date?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f4\fs28\b1\i0\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::7>Evan: <!$Scr_Cs::7>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf9 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Because I want more than decent. You know how much I dislike dating.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f4\fs28\b1\i0\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::7>Liz <!$Scr_Cs::7>}{\f6\fs26\b0\i1\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::5>(Offering sisterly perspective): <!$Scr_Cs::5>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf9 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I know. Unfortunately, dating is almost always part of the process. I know you don\u8217\'92t like talking about Sarah, and I don\u8217\'92t want to kill your great mood. But she is a one-of-a-kind girl, Evan. Not many women will want to jump right into a relationship and treat her first date like a negotiation of a business partnership.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f4\fs28\b1\i0\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::7>Evan <!$Scr_Cs::7>}{\f6\fs26\b0\i1\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::5>(sly smile):<!$Scr_Cs::5>}{\f4\fs28\b1\i0\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::7> <!$Scr_Cs::7>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf9 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Not if they know that\u8217\'92s what\u8217\'92s happening.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f4\fs28\b1\i0\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::7>Liz <!$Scr_Cs::7>}{\f6\fs26\b0\i1\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::5>(Concerned) :<!$Scr_Cs::5>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf9 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t like the way that sounds, Evan. That sounds like something Guido would say. What harebrained scheme have you two concocted this time?\u8221\'94 Liz asked.}
\par\plain {\f4\fs28\b1\i0\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::7>Evan: <!$Scr_Cs::7>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf9 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Guido has no idea what I have in mind. I want to wait until everybody\u8217\'92s here before I share my idea. I can\u8217\'92t believe it took me this long to figure things out.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f4\fs28\b1\i0\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::7>Liz <!$Scr_Cs::7>}{\f6\fs26\b0\i1\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::5>(Intrigued and curious):<!$Scr_Cs::5>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf9  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Figure what out?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f4\fs28\b1\i0\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::7>Evan <!$Scr_Cs::7>}{\f6\fs26\b0\i1\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::5>(Proud of his new, yet to be revealed idea): <!$Scr_Cs::5>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf9 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why I rarely go on a second date and why I\u8217\'92ve been feeling so hopeless and lonely. I have been approaching this dating ritual all wrong. And after yet another uninspired \u8216\'91decent\u8217\'92 date, I finally realized how to turn it all around!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f4\fs28\b1\i0\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::7>Liz <!$Scr_Cs::7>}{\f6\fs26\b0\i1\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::5>(Dying of curiosity):<!$Scr_Cs::5>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf9  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And you\u8217\'92re gonna make me wait until everybody gets here to tell me?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f4\fs28\b1\i0\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::7>Evan <!$Scr_Cs::7>}{\f6\fs26\b0\i1\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::5>(Playful Tease): <!$Scr_Cs::5>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf9 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sorry, but yep! They\u8217\'92ll be here soon. I can\u8217\'92t wait to share my idea with everybody! Oh my God, Liz. I feel so amazing!\u8221\'94 <!$Scr_Ps::6>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Ps::1>Scene Enhancement  - Example Section:<!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b1\i0\cf10 <$Scr_Ps::8>Objective: <!$Scr_Ps::8><$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li1440\fi-691\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::3>Demonstrate the transformation of basic scene components into an enriched, engaging narrative.<!$Scr_Cs::3><!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch \f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf5
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b1\i0\cf10 <$Scr_Ps::2>Before Transition - Provided Components:}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf6 - Scene setup and character actions described succinctly.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf6 - Example dialogue between characters, focusing on emotional context.<!$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch \f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf6
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b1\i0\cf10 <$Scr_Ps::2>After Transition - Desired Output:}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf6 - Expanded narrative that deeply incorporates the provided dialogue and scene setup.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf6 - Enhanced with descriptive action tags, emotional nuances, and vivid settings to fully engage the reader.<!$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch \f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf6
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b1\i0\cf10 <$Scr_Ps::2>Sample Scenario:<!$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch \f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf6
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b1\i0\cf10 <$Scr_Ps::8>Before Transition:<!$Scr_Ps::8>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 After all the paperwork had been signed by Evan, Sarah, and Liz, Sarah's senior attorney, and Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s attorney shook hands in a show of equal respect. Sarah's senior attorney said a few words to her, shook her hand, and left the conference room.}
\par\plain {\f4\fs26\b1\i0\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::7>Sarah<!$Scr_Cs::7>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f6\fs26\b0\i1\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::5>(feeling shame):<!$Scr_Cs::5>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf11 <$Scr_Cs::9> \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You don't hate me, do you?"<!$Scr_Cs::9>}
\par\plain {\f4\fs26\b1\i0\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::7>Liz:<!$Scr_Cs::7>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf11 <$Scr_Cs::9> \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why would I hate you, Sarah?"<!$Scr_Cs::9>}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf11
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\ltrch\loch {\f6\fs26\b0\i1\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::5><$Scr_Ps::2>[ Liz and Sarah are alone in the conference room after the divorce has been finalized. Create one or more paragraphs to describe Sarah crying and Liz comforting her with a hug ]<!$Scr_Cs::5><!$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch \f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf6
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b1\i0\cf10 <$Scr_Ps::2>Task:}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf6 Enrich the scene by detailing the emotional atmosphere, character expressions, and setting nuances.<!$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch \f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf6
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b1\i0\cf10 <$Scr_Ps::8>After Transition:<!$Scr_Ps::8>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f7\fs26\b0\i0 After the formalities of signing the divorce papers were concluded, Sarah watched as the attorneys exchanged courteous nods, marking an end to the official proceedings. }
\par\plain {\f7\fs26\b0\i0 Sarah\loch\af7\hich\af7\dbch\af7\uc1\u8217\'92s voice was low, tinged with vulnerability. \u8220\'93You don\u8217\'92t hate me, do you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f7\fs26\b0\i0 Liz met her gaze, her expression softening. \loch\af7\hich\af7\dbch\af7\uc1\u8220\'93Why would I hate you, Sarah?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f7\fs26\b0\i0 Liz, ever the pillar of strength, moved towards Sarah with a fluidity that belied her own turmoil. She wrapped her arms around Sarah in a hug that was both a shield against the world and a salve for the wounds that lay open and raw between them. }
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::2><!$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f2\fs22\b1\i0\cf5}