{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Ps::0>The lingering weight of the previous moment dissipated as Evan, with practiced ease, compartmentalized his pain. A playful grin spread across his face, chasing away the shadows. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, that got heavy fast,\u8221\'94 he joked. \u8220\'93We should get honorary awards for spectacularly breaking all the first-date rules.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Maggie smiled, her own tension easing. She was happy to follow his lead back into lighter territory. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Absolutely,\u8221\'94 she agreed. \u8220\'93Maybe they\u8217\'92ll even name a rule after us!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Perfect.\u8221\'94 Evan\u8217\'92s grin widened. \u8220\'93Now, it\u8217\'92s time for the real test \endash  the compatibility challenge. Are you in?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Intrigued, Maggie tilted her head. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, this sounds interesting. Bring it on!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s not a make-or-break test,\u8221\'94 Evan clarified, a hint of mock seriousness in his tone. \u8220\'93When I left you ladies earlier, I snuck over to the ticket booth. They have these wristbands - the kind usually seen on the younger crowd. They let you go on all the rides as many times as you want.\u8221\'94 Maggie\u8217\'92s laughter bubbled over, the sound light and cheerful. He paused, a playful glint in his eye. \u8220\'93I know, I know, not exactly a sophisticated date for grown-ups like us. But honestly, I really want to go on all the rides! I\u8217\'92ll completely understand if you\u8217\'92d rather do something a bit more...\u8221\'94 he searched for the word, \u8220\'93age-appropriate.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 A spark of amusement lit up Maggie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes. She loved how easily Evan could laugh at himself. It was a refreshing contrast to the men she usually dated. \u8220\'93Age-appropriate? Who wants to be a responsible adult?\u8221\'94 she teased. \u8220\'93Wristbands and carnival rides sound perfect!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Evan let out a relieved chuckle. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Excellent! That\u8217\'92s compatibility test number one passed with flying colors. Now, onto challenge number two...\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Maggie leaned in, her eyes twinkling. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Another challenge? I can\u8217\'92t wait.\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \tx9000\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf1 \~\tab }
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s playful smile widened. \u8220\'93Me too! In a classic rom-com, we\u8217\'92d get a whole montage right about now \endash  festival lights twinkling, us laughing on the rides, maybe even sharing some greasy, delicious food. All those smiles would make the audience melt.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Maggie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes sparkled. \u8220\'93Sounds amazing! What\u8217\'92s the challenge?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Evan leaned on a nearby railing, a mischievous glint in his eyes. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, in the movies, the audience would be on the edge of their seat in anticipation of a first kiss. The excitement will build through the montage of scenes. The audience will ask themselves, \u8216\'91Will they, or won\u8217\'92t they?\u8217\'92 Then, when the date ends, the audience is captivated as they watch the couple\u8217\'92s lips move closer to each other, certain they will kiss. Sometimes, they do kiss, but most of the time, some annoying event disrupts the kiss - leaving the audience in a state of intense anticipation, waiting, wondering when that first kiss will happen. That option is full of excitement and suspense. The other choice is to kiss now. And with the first kiss out of the way, we are free to kiss as much as we want the entire night. Which option would you prefer?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Maggie considered her options, a playful smirk on her face. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hmm, this is tricky!\u8221\'94 Her left hand extended outward, as if presenting the first option. \u8220\'93The suspense, the uncertainty\u8230\'85that classic end-of-the-date kiss that might-or-might-not happen.\u8221\'94 With a dramatic flourish, she switched to her right hand. \u8220\'93Or, we cut to the chase, kiss now, and spare our fans the agony of waiting. Then, unlimited kisses all night long!\u8221\'94 She tilted her head, a teasing smile playing on her lips. \u8220\'93Did I get it right?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yep!\u8221\'94 Evan confirmed. \u8220\'93What will it be?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Maggie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s flirtatious grin grew wider. \u8220\'93Well, if I have to choose between a guaranteed kiss and a kiss that may or may not happen, I say forget the audience. I\u8217\'92ll take my kiss now!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Maggie and Evan kissed. Maggie was not prepared for the intensity of Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s kiss. She could feel his emotion as he pressed his lips firmly against hers. She knew it wasn\u8217\'92t passion, at least not the type of passion that comes from desire. As they continued to kiss, the intensity dissipated, and the kisses became softer and gentler.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Evan pulled back slightly, a flicker of disappointment crossing his face. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m so sorry. That had to be the worst first kiss ever.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Maggie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s heart swelled with compassion. \u8220\'93Believe me, Evan, that was not the worst kiss ever. It was a little intense at first but ended quite nicely. I could feel both your pain and your relief in that kiss. Truthfully, I feel honored you would share that moment with me. Especially knowing it helped release some of your pain. I wouldn\u8217\'92t have wanted the kiss to go any other way.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Evan smiled, his eyes filled with gratitude. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The good news is now we can kiss as much as we want! You ready for some rides?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Maggie beamed, excitement bubbling up. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93More than ready, Let\u8217\'92s Go!\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Ps::0>}}