{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Ps::0>The lingering weight of the previous moment dissipated as Evan, with practiced ease, compartmentalized his pain. A playful grin spread across his face, chasing away the shadows. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, that got heavy fast,\u8221\'94 he joked. \u8220\'93We should get honorary awards for spectacularly breaking all the first-date rules.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 A relieved smile spread across Maggie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face, mirroring his shift toward lightness. \u8220\'93Absolutely,\u8221\'94 she agreed. \u8220\'93Maybe they\u8217\'92ll even name a rule after us!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Perfect.\u8221\'94 Evan\u8217\'92s smile grew wider. Something about her easy camaraderie sent a wave of warmth through him. \u8220\'93Now, it\u8217\'92s time for the real test - the compatibility challenge. Are you in?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Intrigued, Maggie tilted her head. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, this sounds interesting. Bring it on!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s not a make-or-break test,\u8221\'94 Evan clarified, a hint of mock seriousness in his tone. \u8220\'93When I left you ladies earlier, I visited the festival\u8217\'92s ticket booth. They have these wristbands - the kind usually seen worn by the younger crowd. They let you go on all the rides as many times as you want.\u8221\'94 Maggie\u8217\'92s laughter bubbled over, the sound light and cheerful. He paused, a playful glint in his eye. \u8220\'93I know, I know, not exactly a sophisticated date for grown-ups like us. But honestly, I really want to go on all the rides! I\u8217\'92ll completely understand if you\u8217\'92d rather do something a bit more...\u8221\'94 he searched for the word, \u8220\'93age-appropriate.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 A spark of amusement lit up Maggie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes. She loved how easily Evan could laugh at himself. It was a refreshing contrast to the men she usually dated. \u8220\'93Age-appropriate? Who wants to be a responsible adult?\u8221\'94 she teased. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92d love a ride-wristband date!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Evan let out a relieved chuckle. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Excellent! That\u8217\'92s compatibility test number one passed with flying colors. Now, onto challenge number two...\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Maggie leaned in, her eyes twinkling. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Another challenge? I can\u8217\'92t wait.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s playful smile widened. \u8220\'93Me neither! In a classic rom-com, right about now, the audience would get a musical montage of our best moments\endash  us laughing on the rides, me winning you a stuffed animal, maybe even sharing some greasy, delicious food. All those smiles would make the audience melt.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Maggie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes sparkled. \u8220\'93Sounds amazing! What\u8217\'92s the challenge?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Evan leaned on a nearby railing, a mischievous glint in his eyes. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, in the movies, the audience would be on the edge of their seat in anticipation of a first kiss. The excitement will build through the montage of scenes. The audience will ask themselves, \u8216\'91Will they, or won\u8217\'92t they?\u8217\'92 Then, when the date ends, the audience is captivated as they watch the couple\u8217\'92s lips move closer to each other, certain they will kiss. Sometimes, they do kiss, but most of the time, some annoying event disrupts the kiss - leaving the audience in a state of intense anticipation, waiting, wondering when that first kiss will happen. That option is full of excitement and suspense. The other choice is to kiss now. And with the first kiss out of the way, we are free to kiss as much as we want the entire night. Which option would you prefer?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Maggie considered her options, a playful smirk on her face. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hmm, this is tricky!\u8221\'94 Her left hand extended outward, as if presenting the first option. \u8220\'93The suspense, the uncertainty\u8230\'85that classic end-of-the-date kiss that might-or-might-not happen.\u8221\'94 With a dramatic flourish, she switched to her right hand. \u8220\'93Or, we cut to the chase, kiss now, and spare our fans the agony of waiting. Then, unlimited kisses all night long!\u8221\'94 She tilted her head, a teasing smile playing on her lips. \u8220\'93Did I get the options right?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yep!\u8221\'94 Evan confirmed, studying Maggie\u8217\'92s expression with playful anticipation. A mischievous smirk sparked in her eyes, mirroring his own. \u8220\'93What will it be?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Maggie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s flirtatious smile grew wider. \u8220\'93Well, if I have to choose between a guaranteed kiss and a kiss that may or may not happen, I\u8217\'92ll take my kiss now!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Maggie and Evan kissed. He hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t expected the overwhelming surge of emotion that washed over him. It wasn\u8217\'92t the heat of desire - this was different. A desperate craving for connection pulsed through him, his lips clinging to hers with surprising force. Relief mingled with a sharp tang of lingering sorrow, a potent mix he couldn\u8217\'92t fully unravel. Her lips were soft, yielding against his, a stark contrast to the tightness in his chest. As the kiss deepened, his ragged breaths slowed, his hold on her softening. The edges of his pain blurred, replaced by a healing warmth emanating from their connection, as though her understanding touch began to mend his broken spirit.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Pulling back from the kiss, he searched Maggie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes. Concern twisted in his stomach. Was that a flicker of disappointment he saw, or simply surprise? The words tumbled out before he could stop them. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m so sorry. That was probably the worst first kiss ever.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Maggie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s heart swelled with compassion. \u8220\'93Believe me, Evan, that was not the worst kiss ever. It was a little intense at first but ended quite nicely. I could feel both your pain and your relief in that kiss. Truthfully, I feel honored you would share that moment with me. I wouldn\u8217\'92t have wanted the kiss to go any other way.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Evan smiled, his eyes filled with gratitude. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The good news is now we can kiss as much as we want! You ready for some rides?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Maggie beamed, excitement bubbling up. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93More than ready. Let\u8217\'92s Go!\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Ps::0>}}