{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Small;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs26\b0 <$Scr_Ps::0>It seems we are in sync at this point, that's good news! I will send you over my comprehensive list of instructions in the next prompt. I'll list the entirety of my struggles in previous AI collaborations as we move along. However, I want to let you know ahead of time that by far the number one problem I've had is that the vast majority of the time}{\f1\fs26  I want my dialogue to be used verbatim and in its entirety. This is specified in the first two instructions in the list I will be sending.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs26\b0\i0 I never could understand in previous collaborations with AI, why AI refused to follow the simple instructions of leaving my dialogue verbatim and using every line of dialogue I provided. I hope that we can overcome this issue, because I feel the instructions are simple and easy to understand.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b0\i0 I won't list all the reasons why it's important to stick to the dialogue I provide for a scene, but I will say that no matter how skilled the AI is, there is no way any AI or any human can understand the subtlety in the dialogue of a novel that is written completely in my mind. Sometimes a very simple word or phrase, that may seem unimportant, ties to another scene later in the novel or early in the novel. I don't expect AI to be a mind reader. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b0\i0 There are times that I will need help with a particular line}{\f1\fs26\b0\i0  of}{\f1\fs26\b0\i0  dialogue or extracted exchange, but I am very specific when that is the case, and I usually do that before I provide the scene profile}{\f1\fs26\cf1 <!$Scr_Ps::0>}}