{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Italic;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-BoldItalic;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red163\green101\blue209;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>A thrill of anticipation ran through Maggie. }{\f1\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>What was this surprise Liz mentioned? <!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Trish, walking her to the conference room, wore a knowing smile that hinted at something delightful. As they reached the closed door, Trish paused, a glint of amusement in her eyes. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Are you ready for your surprise?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Maggie nodded eagerly, her stomach fluttering with a mix of excitement and nerves. With a flourish, Trish swung the door open, revealing Evan and\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85}{\f1\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1> A picnic? In the office? <!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 A touch of surprise ran through her. }{\f1\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>Candles, a blanket...is that wine?<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan, your date is here.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 Trish gave him a playful wink. \u8220\'93Have a great weekend. I\u8217\'92ll see you on Monday.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 A surge of ease swept through Maggie at the genuine smile Trish gave her. As the door closed behind them, both Evan and Maggie bid Trish farewell. With a touch of nerves but mostly excitement, Maggie leaned in, kissing Evan softly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 When she pulled back, Evan grinned. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You look great! What\u8217\'92s with the shoes?\u8221\'94 His brow furrowed, a hint of concern replacing the teasing in his eyes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Maggie self-consciously held up the offending heels. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t ask,\u8221\'94 she muttered, a mix of embarrassment and amusement in her voice.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Eyes widening, Maggie took in the transformed conference room. A checkered blanket spread over the table, candles casting a soft glow, the enticing aroma of warm bread filling the air...and was that a picnic basket in the corner? A wave of wonder and appreciation washed over Maggie. She could tell this wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t a haphazard setup but rather one carefully planned with her comfort in mind.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Did you do all this for me?\u8221\'94 Her voice held a mix of awe and disbelief.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan beamed, a touch of pride evident. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I sure did!\u8221\'94 He pulled out a chair for her, an old-fashioned gesture that brought a smile to Maggie\u8217\'92s lips}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan poured them each a glass of wine, the crimson liquid swirling against the candlelight. Before sitting down across from her, he offered a playful grin. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve been experimenting with those food lessons, as you can see.\u8221\'94 He gestured toward the spread. \u8220\'93Tonight, I prepared your very own gourmet chicken salad sandwich, with a side of fruit cocktail and a bag of potato chips...for authenticity.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 A hint of surprise mixed with amusement danced in Maggie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes. Evan took his seat and raised his glass. \u8220\'93To exciting times ahead.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Their glasses clinked, followed by a kiss that held a subtle shift, a deepening of their connection.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Thank you so much!\u8221\'94 Maggie\u8217\'92s warmth was genuine. \u8220\'93Everything looks amazing. Did you make it yourself?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 A teasing glint entered Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes. \u8220\'93Yep! Even sealed the potato chips in a bag for that professional touch.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Maggie laughed, catching the playful jab. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You know what I mean. The chicken salad?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That, I take full credit for.\u8221\'94 Evan beamed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I can\u8217\'92t wait to try it!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 They both took a simultaneous bite, and Maggie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s expression shifted to one of genuine surprise. \u8220\'93Wow, Evan, this is seriously good. It\u8217\'92s unique, not a typical chicken salad.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan grinned, delighted by her reaction. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s my elevated take, thanks to my brilliant teacher. Instead of the usual mix, I went with thick slivers of chicken and spread the dressing on top.\u8221\'94 He tilted his head, a playful challenge in his eyes. \u8220\'93Can you guess the ingredients?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Maggie, ever the food enthusiast, took the bait. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Chicken, obviously. Fresh dill, I like that! Onions, salt, pepper, a hint of lemon\u8230\'85 but the dressing has me stumped. It\u8217\'92s sweet, not your typical mayo.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan hesitated, a flash of sheepishness crossing his face. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Okay, here\u8217\'92s where I confess, I may not be using the highest quality ingredients.\u8221\'94 He took a deep breath. \u8220\'93Liz used to make my sandwiches with it when we were kids, and I never quite shook the taste\u8230\'85 Miracle Whip.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Maggie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes widened. \u8220\'93I can\u8217\'92t believe I\u8217\'92ve never had it! It\u8217\'92s delicious, adds a whole new dimension.\u8221\'94 She met his gaze, sincerity in her voice. \u8220\'93As your teacher, A+ for creativity! This is miles above boring chicken salad.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You really like it?\u8221\'94 Evan asked, a touch of vulnerability in his tone.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Maggie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s smile was warm and reassuring. \u8220\'93I love it! Honestly, if I open my own place, this could be a lunch special.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan, a glint of triumph in his eyes, leaned in with a mischievous smirk. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ll be pleased to know this entire date, from the food to those fancy theater tickets a vendor gifted me \endash  total cost under thirty bucks!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Maggie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s laughter rang out, a mix of delight and a sense of ease that washed over Evan. \u8220\'93You have no idea how happy that makes me,\u8221\'94 she said, her voice tinged with genuine relief and a hint of playful affection. A wave of serenity spread through her, a mix of gratitude and growing fondness. }{\f1\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>He actually listened to me<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f2\fs26\b1\i1 , }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 a small voice whispered in her head,}{\f2\fs26\b1\i1  }{\f1\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>cared enough to cater to my silly money issues<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f2\fs26\b1\i1 .}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  That simple act felt more precious than any grand gesture.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Internally, A sense of satisfaction flooded through Evan.}{\f3\fs26\b1\i0  }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 That sparkle in Maggie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes was the best reward. Honestly, he would have done this for her even without Liz\u8217\'92s relationship rules in his ear.\~The fact that this perfect surprise happened to align with Rule #1 \endash  well, that was just a bonus. A small smile played on his lips.}{\f1\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1> Liz would be proud<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f2\fs26\b1\i1 .}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Between bites of chicken salad and sips of wine, a playful banter filled the room. Maggie regaled Evan with the tale of her disastrous shoe choice, her laughter as infectious as the joy bubbling up within him. Their conversation flitted from shared anecdotes to Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s arduous endeavors for scoring free theater tickets to a sold-out play, each revelation drawing them closer. The energy between them crackled, flirtatious glances sparking like fireworks on a summer night.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Maggie, gaze drawn to the vibrant paintings, broke the comfortable rhythm. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I love those paintings,\u8221\'94 she remarked, gesturing towards the wall behind Evan. \u8220\'93They\u8217\'92re so different than the rest of your office d\u233\'E9cor. They really stand out.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan swiveled slightly in his chair. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They\u8217\'92re Liz\u8217\'92s pride and joy!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Liz is an artist?\u8221\'94 Maggie asked, her curiosity piqued.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan chuckled. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hardly. The Vaughn siblings have zero artistic talent. We\u8217\'92re lucky if we can manage a stick figure. Those were painted by Liz\u8217\'92s young friend, Chloe.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Liz\u8217\'92s young friend is quite talented,\u8221\'94 Maggie said, genuine admiration in her voice. \u8220\'93Those paintings are gorgeous!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I agree, along with everyone else in the office,\u8221\'94 Evan said. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s a fascinating triptych.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Huh?\u8221\'94 Maggie\u8217\'92s brow furrowed in confusion.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan laughed. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That was my reaction, too, the first time I heard it. So, a triptych, right? I only know this because Liz told me. It\u8217\'92s basically one of those art things where you have three pieces that sort of go together. Like, they\u8217\'92re separate but make more sense when you look at them side by side. Each panel can stand on its own, but together, they tell a bigger story or show a bigger picture. Kinda like a three-part series in a book or something.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Maggie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes sparkled with interest. \u8220\'93Fascinating! I guess it\u8217\'92s true. You learn something new every day.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 A melodic chime broke through the conversation, drawing Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s attention to his phone. He raised an apologetic eyebrow at Maggie. \u8220\'93It seems time has gotten away from us,\u8221\'94 he said with a playful sigh. \u8220\'93We\u8217\'92ve got to get a move on if we want to get to the play on time.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 As Evan dismissed his alarm, a smile flitted across his face. He caught a glimpse of a group text from Trish and Liz \endash  a flurry of thumbs-up emojis and a quick \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93She\u8217\'92s great!\u8221\'94 A quiet satisfaction coursed through him. Liz\u8217\'92s apparent approval was another checkmark on his internal list, confirming that Maggie was the right woman to start his relationship plan with.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Maggie glanced down at Laura\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s designer heels, a spark of dread crossing her face. The thought of cramming her feet back into those torture devices was almost unbearable.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Eyes pleading, she looked at Evan. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I really hope there\u8217\'92s not much walking involved.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s smile was reassuring. \u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t worry, it\u8217\'92s mostly driving, very little walking.\u8221\'94 Evan\u8217\'92s eyes held a playful glint. \u8220\'93Worst case, I\u8217\'92ll carry you everywhere.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I love that idea! Though I might just cling to your arm all night instead.\u8221\'94 A flirtatious smile played on her lips as she slipped the heels back on with a grimace. Evan\u8217\'92s arm swept around her waist, offering support and a touch of old-fashioned gallantry.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Outside the office building, a warm breeze ruffled Maggie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hair. The promise of the evening ahead, a mix of laughter, art, and the deepening connection with Evan, chased away the memory of her aching feet. \u8220\'93Ready to take on the theater world?\u8221\'94 he asked, a grin playing on his lips.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Absolutely,\u8221\'94 Maggie replied, her smile matching his. Her heart fluttered with an anticipation even sweeter than the prospect of the play.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes held hers for a fleeting moment, and the air crackled with unspoken possibilities. An idea ignited in his mind, prompting him to reach for his phone and tap out a text message.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0  A hint of curiosity flashed across Maggie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s features. \u8220\'93Who ya texting?\u8221\'94 she asked, unable to resist.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 A playful expression crossed Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes. \u8220\'93Oh, just texting Liz...nothing important.\u8221\'94 Whatever it was, it brought a secretive smile to his lips.<!$Scr_Ps::0>}}