{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Small;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f1\fs30\b0\i0\cf1\fi-889\li1280\lin1280}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li720\fi-500\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs30\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs30\b0\i0\cf1 Have Maggie notice and admire the paintings.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs30\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs30\b0\i0\cf1 Evan indicate that it's from Liz's young friend Chloe.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs30\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs30\b0\i0\cf1 Evan confirms that everyone seems to love it,  and that he learned a new word, "}{\f1\fs26\b0\i0 triptych"}
\par\pard\plain \tx562\tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2808\tx3370\tx3931\tx4493\tx5054\tx5616\tx6178\tx6739\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs26\b0\i0 Absolutely! Here's the revised version incorporating that change:}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b0\i0 Outside the office building, a warm breeze ruffled Maggie's hair. The promise of the evening ahead, a mix of laughter, art, and the deepening connection with Evan, chased away the memory of her aching feet. "Ready to take on the theater world?" he asked, a grin playing on his lips.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b0\i0 "Absolutely," Maggie replied, her smile matching his. Her heart fluttered with an anticipation even sweeter than the prospect of the play.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b0\i0 For a fleeting moment, Evan's eyes held hers, and the air crackled with unspoken possibilities. A spark of an idea seemed to ignite in his gaze as he reached for his phone and tapped out a quick message. A hint of curiosity flickered across Maggie's features. "Who was that?" she asked, unable to resist.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b0\i0 Evan's secretive smile widened. "Oh, just...nothing important." Whatever it was, it brought a secretive smile to his lips.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b0\i0 Let me know if this feels closer to the mark!}}