{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 ComicSansMS-Italic;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 ComicSansMS-BoldItalic;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f5\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red170\green85\blue0;\red0\green149\blue223;\red130\green49\blue77;\red170\green64\blue101;\red76\green76\blue76;\red208\green78\blue124;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\fi-20968591\li30218127\lin30218127}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_H::2>The following screen profile is for reference only. Do NOT generate the scene or any part of the scene. I will provide those instructions separately.<!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \sa60\sb240\ql\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs32\b1\i0\cf5 Scene Profile:<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs32\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_H::2>Scene Title:}{\f4\fs32\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::3> Evan Preps Liz for His Plan Unveiling<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Cs::3><!$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f5\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Ps::4>Number of Parts Scene will be broken down into: 1<!$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf8
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f5\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Ps::4>Summary:<!$Scr_Ps::4><$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf8 Evan's early arrival at Liz's house for the monthly poker party is charged with excitement over an innovative idea he's eager to share. However, he decides to keep the details under wraps until all the attendees have arrived, building anticipation and curiosity among his friends and family. This moment sets the stage for a revealing and potentially transformative discussion once the party is in full swing, highlighting Evan's enthusiasm and the close-knit nature of the group gathered.<!$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f5\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Ps::4>Leading Context:<!$Scr_Ps::4><$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf8 In the previous two scenes, the reader was given hints that Evan had a new big idea to share with the poker guests. Were also shown Liz happily performing her hostess duties in preparation for their monthly poker party. This scene begins with an enthusiastic Evan being the first to arrive to Liz's house.<!$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f5\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Ps::4>Setting:<!$Scr_Ps::4><$Scr_Ps::6>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f5\fs22\b1\i0\cf9 - Location:}{\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::3> Liz's home in Glenview Illinois,<!$Scr_Cs::3>}
\par\plain {\f5\fs22\b1\i0\cf9 - Time:}{\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::3> Early evening.<!$Scr_Cs::3>}
\par\plain {\f5\fs22\b1\i0\cf9 - Weather/Environment:}{\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::3> Cool, comfortable.<!$Scr_Cs::3><!$Scr_Ps::6>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f5\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Ps::4>Characters Present:<!$Scr_Ps::4><$Scr_Ps::6>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f5\fs22\b1\i0\cf9 - Main Characters:}{\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::3> Liz, Evan<!$Scr_Cs::3><!$Scr_Ps::6>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f5\fs22\b1\i0\cf9
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f5\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Ps::4>Character Emotional State:<!$Scr_Ps::4><$Scr_Ps::6>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f5\fs22\b1\i0\cf9 - Liz:}{\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::3> Liz is feeling a comfortable joy, as she does whenever she is preparing for the monthly poker party.  Always excited to see her brother, his entrance into her home brings a warm affectionate feeling to Liz. That feeling transitions to one of curiosity and intrigue as an enthusiastic Evan informs Liz that he has an innovative idea he will share when all the poker guests arrive.<!$Scr_Cs::3>}
\par\plain {\f5\fs22\b1\i0\cf9 - Evan:}{\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::3> Evan is feeling and showing more excitement than he has since before his divorce. He loves his sister and is always excited to see her, but today that energy is even greater in that he is sure his sister will love his new idea. <!$Scr_Cs::3><!$Scr_Ps::6>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f5\fs22\b1\i0\cf9
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f5\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Ps::4>POV:}{\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::3> Third person limited, deep (focusing on Liz)<!$Scr_Cs::3><!$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f5\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Ps::4>Dialogue Focus:}{\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::3> Heavy<!$Scr_Cs::3><!$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f5\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Ps::4>Use of Internal Dialogue:}{\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::3> Minimal<!$Scr_Cs::3><!$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f5\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Ps::4>Objectives/Goals:<!$Scr_Ps::4><$Scr_Ps::7>}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li576\fi-216\sa60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 We want the reader to get a glimpse of the infection a bond between Liz and Evan.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 We want the reader to see that Evan is showing enthusiasm and excitement level unmatched since before his divorce \endash  over one year ago.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 We went to captivate the reader by hitting at a mystery that will soon be revealed.<!$Scr_Ps::7>}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f5\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Ps::4>Notes:<!$Scr_Ps::4><$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf8 This document is the scene profile for the upcoming scene we will be working on together. This document is only to be used as a reference. Do not write the scene at this time. In a separate prompt, I will provide instructions and see components to assist you in building a compelling scene. <!$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f5\fs22\b1\i0\cf7}