{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Laura swept into the apartment, Evan right on her heels. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Look who decided to grace us with his presence!\u8221\'94 she chirped, a touch too brightly as she gestured towards Evan. The air crackled with a nervous energy that she desperately tried to mask.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan crossed to Maggie, enveloping her in a warm hug. His kiss was quick, a flicker of affection that belied the flutter of unease in his chest. As Laura placed the mail on the coffee table, her eyes met his, a silent plea for reassurance.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Maggie\u8217\'92s got hors d\u8217\'92oeuvres to finish,\u8221\'94 Laura interjected, forcing a smile. She busied herself rearranging a vase of poinsettias, a distraction from the tension tightening in her shoulders. \u8220\'93Evan, could you lend a hand moving those chairs?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 As Evan stepped forward, Laura leaned close, her whisper a barely audible hiss. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Here we go!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hey, Maggie,\u8221\'94 Laura\u8217\'92s voice regained its usual casual lilt. \u8220\'93I think you should look through the mail. I thought I saw an important-looking envelope addressed to you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Maggie glanced up from the cheese board she was assembling, a flicker of curiosity in her eyes. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Important?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, you know, official-looking,\u8221\'94 Laura said, her eyes remained fixed on Maggie. A bead of sweat trickled down Evan\u8217\'92s temple, and he quickly brushed it away.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 With a slight frown, Maggie approached the coffee table. A mix of resignation and curiosity crossed her face as she started to sort through the mail. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Bills, junk mail, Christmas cards... another bill.\u8221\'94 Her voice trailed off, tinged with a hint of disappointment. \u8220\'93I hope there\u8217\'92s at least one piece of good news in here somewhere.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Laura and Evan stood frozen, barely breathing. Maggie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s fingers sorted through the pile of envelopes. Each rustle and shuffle seemed to echo in the sudden silence of the room.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Maggie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s voice was tinged with a mix of wonder and trepidation. \u8220\'93I wonder what this is about?\u8221\'94 She tore open the envelope, her hands shaking slightly. Silence enveloped the room; only the soft rustle of the letter broke the quiet. A tiny gasp escaped her lips. Her eyes dropped to the check, and her breath hitched in her throat. Uncontrollable tears poured from her eyes, blurring the words on the page. She collapsed back onto the couch, the papers clutched in her trembling fingers.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Laura hurried to Maggie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s side, a practiced look of concern on her face. \u8220\'93What is it, sweetie? Is everything okay?\u8221\'94 She knelt beside her friend, her gaze fixed on the papers in Maggie\u8217\'92s trembling hands. Internally, she reveled in the success of their well-crafted scheme.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This can\u8217\'92t be real,\u8221\'94 Maggie choked out. \u8220\'93It says I\u8217\'92ve been awarded a scholarship, and there\u8217\'92s a cashier\u8217\'92s check with my name on it for $15,000.\u8221\'94 Her words tumbled out in a rush of disbelief.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Laura affected an air of surprise, her eyes widening theatrically. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Let me see that!\u8221\'94 Snatching the documents, she scanned them quickly. \u8220\'93This is that scholarship I told you about the other day. I had a good feeling about that!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Maggie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s tears dried as confusion warred with a hint of hope. \u8220\'93How could they pick someone so quickly?\u8221\'94 Her voice was barely a whisper.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I told you, it was a Christmas scholarship. It was for an Irish-American culinary student. I think we got lucky and timed it perfectly,\u8221\'94 Laura said, her tone bordering on overly enthusiastic.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Maggie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s expression tightened, suspicion dawning within her. \u8220\'93This must be a scam or something. Things like this never happen to me.\u8221\'94 She turned to Evan, her eyes pleading. \u8220\'93Evan, come here and look at this.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Laura sprang to her feet, a forced excitement ringing in her voice. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hold on! I think we can clear this right up.\u8221\'94 Before Maggie or Evan could even respond, she dashed off, adding a touch of urgency to the pretense.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan watched her go, a knot of tension in his stomach. He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d prepared Laura for this, carefully coaching her to suggest the website as \u8220\'93proof\u8221\'94. He took the letter and cashier\u8217\'92s check, scrutinizing them with a serious, analytical expression. He needed to appear earnestly engaged, stalling to buy her more time.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan cleared his throat, trying to sound confident. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I am not an expert on these things, Maggie. I certainly never received a scholarship. However, I have seen my fair share of cashier\u8217\'92s checks, and this one looks kosher to me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Maggie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s lips twisted into a wry smile. \u8220\'93So, you\u8217\'92re telling me I can waltz into the bank tomorrow and magically become fifteen thousand dollars richer? Just like that?\u8221\'94 A sarcastic edge laced her words, exposing the absurdity of the situation as she saw it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 A touch of unease crossed Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face, but he quickly masked it. \u8220\'93Well, not tomorrow because the banks are closed on Christmas. But as soon as the banks open\u8230\'85yes!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Laura beamed, unable to contain her excitement any longer. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Look, Maggie. It even shows on their website. You are the official recipient of the \u8216\'91McCarthy Irish-American Culinary Scholarship.\u8217\'92\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 A tremor ran through Maggie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hand as she took the check again. The name of the scholarship nagged at her, an itch she couldn\u8217\'92t quite scratch. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve never heard of anything like an Irish-American Culinary Scholarship.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93See, it\u8217\'92s right here,\u8221\'94 Laura insisted, thrusting her laptop towards Maggie. Her voice held a forced cheerfulness that grated on Maggie\u8217\'92s increasingly raw nerves.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Maggie scrolled through the website, her eyes scanning the text. A combination of confusion and suspicion crept into her voice. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But how did you even find this scholarship, Laura? I can\u8217\'92t find anything about it on the Internet.\u8221\'94 She looked up at Evan, suspicion hardening her gaze. \u8220\'93Wait a minute. Evan, hand me that envelope.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan passed the scholarship envelope to Maggie. A flicker of apprehension crossed her face as she took it. She compared it to the pile of bills and Christmas cards, her eyes narrowing in concentration. A shiver ran down her spine as a sense of unease settled over her. Then she saw it \endash  a seemingly insignificant detail that could unravel their entire plan. Its presence \endash  or rather, its absence \endash  was as glaring as a neon sign. This fatal flaw was the smoking gun, a piece of evidence that could expose their deception. But would Maggie connect the dots? Would she realize the truth hidden in plain sight?<!$Scr_Ps::0>}}