{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>First to arrive, Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s entrance was a whirlwind of enthusiasm, the door flying open to herald his arrival. With a vibrant energy that filled the room, he surged towards Liz, his arms laden with flowers and wine\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a testament to his excitement. Liz\u8217\'92s face lit up at the sight, her own excitement mirroring his as she welcomed him with open arms. The exchange was a burst of joy, setting a tone of anticipation and warmth for the evening ahead.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hi, sis!\u8221\'94 Evan practically shouted, unable to contain his excitement, giving Liz a brotherly hug.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Liz, taken aback by the warmth of his gesture, couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t help but smile. \u8220\'93Wow, that was some entrance! What did I do to deserve these wonderful gifts?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan shrugged, a grin spreading across his face. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No special reason. I was just in the mood to give my big sis some flowers and wine!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Liz raised an eyebrow, her curiosity piqued. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That must have been some date last night. I haven\u8217\'92t seen you this excited in forever.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s grin faded slightly, replaced by a more contemplative expression. \u8220\'93It was nothing spectacular. It was just a decent date like they all are.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And if they\u8217\'92re all decent, then how come you rarely go on a second date?\u8221\'94 Liz\u8217\'92s tone gentle yet probing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan sighed, the weight of his dissatisfaction with dating evident in his posture. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Because I want more than decent. You know how much I dislike dating.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Liz nodded, understandingly, her expression softening. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I know. Unfortunately, dating is almost always part of the process. I know you don\u8217\'92t like talking about Sarah, and I don\u8217\'92t want to spoil your great mood. But she is a one-of-a-kind girl, Evan. Not many women will want to jump right into a relationship and treat her first date like a negotiation of a business partnership.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 A sly smile crept back onto Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face. \u8220\'93Not if they know that\u8217\'92s what\u8217\'92s happening.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Liz\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s brow furrowed, her concern evident. \u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t like the way that sounds, Evan. That sounds like something Guido would say. What harebrained scheme have you two concocted this time?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s excitement was undimmed. \u8220\'93Guido has no idea what I have in mind. I want to wait until everybody\u8217\'92s here before I share my idea. I can\u8217\'92t believe it took me this long to figure things out.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Liz, now thoroughly intrigued, leaned in closer. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Figure what out?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s chest swelled with pride at his revelation. \u8220\'93Why I rarely go on a second date and why I\u8217\'92ve been feeling so hopeless and lonely. I have been approaching this dating ritual all wrong. And after yet another uninspired \u8216\'91decent\u8217\'92 date, I finally realized how to turn it all around!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Liz\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s curiosity was now at a fever pitch. \u8220\'93And you\u8217\'92re gonna make me wait until everybody gets here to tell me?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan nodded, his playful tease evident in his voice. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sorry, but yep! They\u8217\'92ll be here soon. I can\u8217\'92t wait to share my idea with everybody! Oh my God, Liz. I feel so amazing!\u8221\'94 <!$Scr_Ps::0>}}