{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Bold;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red0\green108\blue175;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs26\b1\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Monday, December 8, 2014<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan had stayed overnight. They just finished eating breakfast and were minutes away from leaving together. Maggie had to get to school, and Evan would be heading home.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Laura had just emerged from her bedroom and was preparing a bowl of cereal for herself. Evan needed to say something to Laura, but he couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t find an opportunity with Maggie nearby.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Looking for an excuse to get close to Laura, Evan grabbed a small glass and poured milk from the carton she used for her cereal. He took his time, hoping Maggie would look away for a split-second. When she did, Evan whispered something in Laura\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s ear.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Laura looked back over her shoulder to make sure Maggie wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t focused on them, and then she nodded yes to Evan. Maggie caught only part of this quiet exchange between Laura and Evan. }
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::1>She was only half-joking when she said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why are you guys acting so secretive? Do I have to worry about you two?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 Laura was quick with a lie. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92re just talking about your Christmas present.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Maggie believed Laura and continued packing up her books and folders for school. However, her mind couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t help but wonder. Sometimes it made her a little uncomfortable how fond Laura and Evan were of each other. If it weren\u8217\'92t for Evan\u8217\'92s affinity for PDA, Maggie wondered if a stranger would peg her or Laura as Evan\u8217\'92s girlfriend. Laura and Evan were playful together and enjoyed teasing each other. However, Maggie trusted them both and attributed their close friendship to similar personalities.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan rinsed his glass of milk out in the sink and asked Maggie if she was ready to leave. Maggie said she was, and they walked together toward the door. With Maggie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s back to them, Laura and Evan exchanged a glance that served as a confirmation of their plan.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan walked Maggie to her car and kissed her before going to his. To avoid suspicion, Evan pulled out of his parking spot at the same time as Maggie. They pulled out of the parking lot one after the other. Maggie headed south toward school, and Evan headed north toward the highway.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan turned left into the parking lot of a convenience store. He waited there for a few minutes until he was comfortable the coast was clear. Then he got back on the road and headed back to Maggie and Laura\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s apartment.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan knocked on the door, and Laura answered. }
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::1>Laura said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Maggie\u8217\'92s going to kill me if she finds out. You have to promise me this will never get back to her.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I promise I won\u8217\'92t say a word,\u8221\'94 replied Evan.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 In a loud whisper, Laura said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Are you sure she didn\u8217\'92t see you? Get in here fast!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Maggie\u8217\'92s not here. Why are you whispering?\u8221\'94 asked Evan.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t want the neighbors to know you are here without Maggie.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 Laura\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s paranoia was making Evan paranoid. He walked to the window and peeked through the curtains to make sure Maggie\u8217\'92s car was not in the parking lot. He said, \u8220\'93The coast is clear.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 Laura and Evan sat down at the kitchen table, facing each other. Evan asked Laura, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I presume you know why I asked you to meet with me after Maggie left?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I have a pretty good idea. But why don\u8217\'92t you go ahead and tell me,\u8221\'94 answered Laura.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s going on with Maggie? I know I\u8217\'92m not getting the full story. Why is she leaving school?\u8221\'94 asked Evan.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I wish you wouldn\u8217\'92t ask that question. Maggie made me swear a hundred times over I wouldn\u8217\'92t say anything to you. She doesn\u8217\'92t want you to know.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Know what?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Maggie\u8217\'92s going to kill me if she ever finds out I told you. She\u8217\'92s quitting school because she ran out of money. After the holidays, one of her employers is cutting her hours in half. On top of that, she didn\u8217\'92t realize there was a maximum amount to her student loans. The amount she can borrow only covers a portion of her tuition.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 Evan said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I had a feeling it was something like that. She only has a year and a half left. She can\u8217\'92t quit now.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s what I told her. But there\u8217\'92s no way she can afford school without the loan. She won\u8217\'92t even have enough money to pay her half of the utilities until she finds a different second job,\u8221\'94 said Laura.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How much would she need to pay off her tuition and cover her half of the utilities until she graduates?\u8221\'94 asked Evan.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93With tuition and her share of utilities, she would need about $15,000 to graduate.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t suppose there\u8217\'92s any way she would let me help her out?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Not a chance. That\u8217\'92s why she didn\u8217\'92t want me to tell you. She still feels like a charity case after you paid for her car repairs, and she still thinks it only cost $500! Maggie has some sort of working-class pride or something. I don\u8217\'92t know what it is. Besides Evan, it\u8217\'92s $15,000. You two haven\u8217\'92t been dating long, and do you even have that kind of money laying around?\u8221\'94 asked Laura, making sure to stress the amount of money.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The money is not an issue. The problem is finding a way to get her to accept it. We can\u8217\'92t let her drop out of school. Do you have any ideas?\u8221\'94 asked Evan.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93None. Maggie would never accept a gift that large.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Several minutes of silence passed by while both Laura and Evan put their thinking caps on, seeking a solution. Then, a light bulb lit up in Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s head.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::1>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I think I have an idea!\u8221\'94 exclaimed Evan.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s tone got Laura excited. She asked, \u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s your idea!?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t want to say anything yet. It might be a long shot, and I don\u8217\'92t want to get your hopes up too high. I need to consult with a few experts. When is her next tuition payment due?\u8221\'94 asked Evan.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The first week in January.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I better get moving then!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You can\u8217\'92t leave me hanging here, Evan. What\u8217\'92s your idea?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 Evan headed quickly for the door. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll tell you soon! I promise,\u8221\'94 he said as he rushed out of the apartment.<!$Scr_Ps::1>}}