{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Italic;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-BoldItalic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red163\green101\blue209;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs26\b0\i1 Timeline:}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs26\b1\i1 1 Year, 1 Month After Evan\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s Divorce.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::1><$Scr_Ps::0>Riding high from the day\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s wins and buzzing with excitement for what was coming up, Evan abandoned his typically cautious driving.  He let loose a bit behind the wheel, zigzagging through traffic on Lakeshore Drive like he was dodging raindrops. The sunset cast a warm, golden light on his Toyota Land Cruiser, making it gleam against the backdrop of the bustling city. This ride, with its black sporty interior, was more than just a car to Evan; it was his trusty steed for both city streets and wild, untamed paths that led to his cabin in the mountains. The SUV\u8217\'92s dark blue body with its stark white top mirrored Evan\u8217\'92s essence: rooted in the city\u8217\'92s hustle but always reaching for the tranquility of the outdoors.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 This drive wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t just about getting from point A to B. It was Evan\u8217\'92s time to mull over the day\u8217\'92s highs and what awaited him. His pulse kicked up, not so much from the driving but from the buzz of nailing it with his students earlier that day and the buzz of spilling the beans on his big idea at the poker night with his crew.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 The afternoon had been all about feeding his soul, hanging out with a bunch of inner-city kids who were beating the odds, thanks to the Vaughn Foundation\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s programs. Today, they had knocked his socks off with their website projects, a clear win not just for the kids but for Evan too, proving that stepping outside the traditional classroom could really turn things around for these kids.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan was practically glowing with pride over his students\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 achievements, the cherry on top was thinking about the poker night. He was about to drop a concept so fresh, he was sure it would knock everyone\u8217\'92s socks off. With a mix of excitement and a bit of innocence, he was all geared up, thinking,<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f1\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::2>  I can\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t wait to see the look on their faces. They\u8217\'92re absolutely gonna love this plan! <!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::1>The breeze coming in through the cracked window mixed with his high hopes, set the stage for a night full of good vibes, laughter, and fun.<!$Scr_Cs::1><!$Scr_Ps::0>}}