{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red0\green149\blue223;\red130\green49\blue77;\red170\green64\blue101;\red76\green76\blue76;\red208\green78\blue124;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\fi-37277495\li53721115\lin53721115}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \sa60\sb240\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs32\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_H::2>Scene Profile:<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs32\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_H::2>Scene Title:}{\f2\fs32\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> Evan Reveals Love, Annually Plan<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::3>Number of Parts Scene will be broken down into: ?? Of ??<!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::3>Summary:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 Evan's innovative relationship strategy is revealed before the poker game begins. Overflowing with enthusiasm, Evan proposes a radical approach to circumvent the pitfalls of traditional dating and the gradual decline of relationships. Convinced that true love is a once-in-a-lifetime event, which he believes he has already experienced and lost through divorce, he suggests a plan for a fulfilling, yet finite, one-year relationship to prevent the eventual decline, sidestepping the search for an elusive true love and the weariness of endless dating.<!$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::3>Leading Context:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 The prior three scenes in this novel have set the stage for Evan to reveal his \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Love, Annually\u8221\'94 plan.<!$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::3>Setting:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 - Location:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> Liz's home in Glenview Illinois,<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 - Time:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> Early evening.<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 - Weather/Environment:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> Cool, comfortable.<!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::3>Characters Present:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 - Main Characters:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> Liz, Evan, Guido, Joe, Alicia, Abe<!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::3>Character Emotional State:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 - Evan:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> Evan begins the scene excited. He is certain that everyone will find his plan as awesome as he feels it is. Gradually that enthusiasm will transition to frustration as nobody in the group seems to share his enthusiasm. He is critically disappointed that his sister Liz does not like his idea at all. The majority of his emotional energy in the scene goes to trying to convince everyone that this is a great plan.<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 - Liz:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> Liz is shocked, bewildered, and concerned as Evan reveals his plan. She thinks his plan is crazy. <!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 - Alicia:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> Alicia is concerned, although less emotionally impacted than Liz. She empathizes with Evan, but sees his solution to his dating woes as misguided. <!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 - Abe:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> Abe is emotionally neutral. He listens to Evan as though he were a juror taking no sides. <!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 - Guido:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> At the beginning, Guido is a bit like the class clown trying to be funny. But as Evan continued to explain his idea, Guido jumps on board. While not in total agreement with Evan, he can see why Evan's plan does have some benefits. <!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 - Joe:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> Joe is doing is best to be attentive. But for up to him, Evan and Liz could have this conversation privately after the poker game. Joe would much rather play poker than listen to Evan's dating plan. <!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8
\par\plain \f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::3>POV:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> Third person limited, deep (focusing on Evan)<!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::3>Dialogue Focus:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> Heavy<!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::3>Use of Internal Dialogue:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> Minimal<!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::3>Objectives/Goals:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::6>}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li576\fi-216\sa60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 This is a prominent scene in the book. This is where the reader is introduced to the details of Evan's dating/relationship strategy and the inspiration behind it.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 Through the scene we want the reader to see Evan's desperation for being in a healthy relationship, along with his firm belief that true love only strikes once.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 In this scene, we provide the readers a glimpse into the personalities of the primary characters in this book. Through dialogue and emotional reactions to Evan's idea, we learn more about each character.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 We want the reader to see that Evan is showing enthusiasm and excitement level unmatched since before his divorce \endash  over one year ago.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 We went to captivate the reader by hitting at a mystery that will soon be revealed.<!$Scr_Ps::6>}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::3>Notes:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 This document is the scene profile for the upcoming scene we will be working on together. This document is only to be used as a reference. Do not write the scene at this time. In a separate prompt, I will provide instructions and see components to assist you in building a compelling scene. <!$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6}