{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Bold;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red139\green93\blue0;\red186\green124\blue93;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Liz returned with a paper notebook and a pen and a determined look about her. She decided to support Evan, but on her terms.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>Liz<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0  }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>(Reluctantly moving forward with her support, but making it clear she will be the one in authority)<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs26\b0  , \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Evan, I still think this idea is ridiculous. But it\u8217\'92s clear to me you\u8217\'92re intent on doing this. If you want my support, we will need to establish some rules to protect you and the woman. I\u8217\'92ll only lend you my support if you stick to whatever rules we outline here today. Agreed? \u8220\'93}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>(Couldn't be more excited. He gives Liz a big kiss on the cheek while giving her a brotherly hug her from the side.):<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  "Agreed! Thank you, Liz! You\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re the best!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>Liz<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>(Taking control): <!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 "We have a lot of great minds in this room. I think we should each come up with at least one rule or guideline. I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ll start. I want you to know, Evan. I\u8217\'92m only supporting this because I think if you find a woman you love, there\u8217\'92s no way you\u8217\'92re going to break up with her at the end of the year. <!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>Liz<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>(Trying to convince herself that this is not such a bad idea):<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  "I suppose, if you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re not in love with the woman, a breakup would be inevitable anyway. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>Liz<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>(Pen and paper in hand, she moved forward as if she were leading a team brainstorming session at her workplace.):<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93In either case, rule #1 is what you\u8217\'92ve already mentioned. You must make every effort to be a caring and attentive partner for the entire duration of the relationship. Rule #2 is once you commit to her, you are committed for the whole year. And even if you don\u8217\'92t like her as much as you expected, you must continue to be the \u8216\'91world\u8217\'92s greatest boyfriend\u8217\'92 regardless. That leads me to my final rule before the next person takes their turn. Rule #3 is you cannot break up with her or intentionally try to get her to break up with you unless she presents some sort of danger. The point of these three rules is to make sure you choose carefully and wisely. These rules are non-negotiable. Who\u8217\'92s next? \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>Joe<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2> (first to volunteer, raised his hand first  Finally getting with the program. Partially to impress Liz and partially hoping it will move things along faster)<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 :}{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2> <!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll go. There may be hard feelings after the breakup. I think it\u8217\'92s a good idea you don\u8217\'92t date anyone who lives too close to this location. You don\u8217\'92t want to run into her at the grocery store or some restaurant after the relationship ends. Rule #4 should be that she lives at least 45 minutes away in light traffic.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>Liz <!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>(Liz jotted down Joe's suggestion as if making a checklist.):<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  "That\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s good, Joe. Are you okay with that, Evan?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>(Evan would have agreed to anything to get Liz's support. However, he found himself surprisingly excited, scene value in these rules.): <!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 "No problem!\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>Alicia<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>( suggesting a rule close to her heart ):<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  "}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::3>Evan, you know how easily<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  you get attached to children, and I think children should not be involved in this. Rule #5 should be to exclude single mothers as potential relationship partners.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2> (Making sure to vocalize his genuine appreciation in order to keep everybody vested in the process.):<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  "Good point! I hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t even thought about that. You\u8217\'92re so right, Alicia. Thank you,\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>Alicia<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 : "You\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re welcome, Evan. Abe, do you have anything to add?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>Abe<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2> (Zooming out a bit, considering those involved beyond Evan and the woman he would date): <!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 , \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not sure if this is more than one rule, but you cannot treat this as a normal relationship. Normally, you\u8217\'92d integrate into her friends and family circle and vice versa. You would be putting us in a tough position if she joined our inner circle. And the closer you get to her friends and family, which may include young children, the more heartache there will be when the relationship ends. I would say rule #6 should be you limit your exposure to her inner circle and limit her exposure to us.\u8221\'94`}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>Liz<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>(Silently remembering how hard Evan was when their father left them):<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::3> \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Evan, it's important that you adhere to these rules regarding children. Not just for their benefit but for yours. I know how much you love children. If you entered a relationship with a woman who had children, I worry you would stay with her even if you didn't love her, just to protect the children from the heartache a breakup would cause. I never want you to settle for anything but true love.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::3>}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2> (Grateful to Abe and wanting to express his appreciation for Liz's idea of establishing strict rules):<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1> <!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 "That\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s another great point! Thank you, Liz, for this exercise. I would\u8217\'92ve totally screwed things up. Guido, it\u8217\'92s your turn.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>Guido<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>(Taking this process seriously): <!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Liz made it pretty tough on you with those first three rules. I\u8217\'92d be terrified to make any commitment where I was stuck for a year if I didn\u8217\'92t like the girl. I think there should be a time limit, so you don\u8217\'92t drag the girl along indefinitely. Rule #7 should be if you\u8217\'92re not ready to commit to your year together after four weeks of dating, you end the relationship at that time. Fish or cut bait, buddy.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>Liz<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 : "That is a great rule, Guido.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>( Genuine praise from Liz always brings a humble smile to Guido's face. Quite different than the bravado-inspired smile usually wears.)<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs26\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>Evan: <!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>(pondered out loud) <!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 "But what if I want to start the year before four weeks?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>Guido<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2> (surprising himself with some impactful suggestions): <!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 "You can start a relationship whenever you want, as long as you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re willing to follow Liz\u8217\'92s other rules. That gives me an idea for another rule. Unless you want to turn into someone like me, I think rule #8 should be if you sleep with them at any time in the first four weeks, then your year starts at that moment. This way, you don\u8217\'92t end up in a series of one-night stands.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>(Never wanting to be like his best friend where women are concerned.):<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  "I agree. Any sexual intimacy that occurs automatically kicks in the year-long commitment.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>Alicia<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>( Adopting the perspective of a woman who might get heartbroken by Evan's plan):<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I think we should consider adding another rule. The breakup is going to be extremely hard on the woman. She\u8217\'92s going to be completely unprepared if you\u8217\'92re the perfect boyfriend for one year and then abruptly end the relationship. I think your breakup day should default to the Friday following your year together. That gives her the weekend to start her recovery. However, the real rule should be flexible so you can pick the least inconvenient day to break up with her after the year has ended, even if you need to go another few weeks. If she has a big meeting, a big event, or something important coming up, you\u8217\'92ll have to wait.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>Liz<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>(Recognizing the importance of Alicia's suggested rule):<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0   \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I think flexibility on the timing of the breakup is important. Evan, you must be as considerate as possible when it comes time to end the relationship. We will make that rule #9. I think I have the final rule. I hope you fall in love with the first girl you try this with. But if you do end the relationship, I think there should be a time gap before you jump into another relationship. So, rule #10 is you must wait at least two months after the breakup to begin dating again in any capacity.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t be happier with the way this ended. He said, \u8220\'93Thank you all so much for supporting me. I realize now I did not think this through as well as I thought I had. I think these rules are great! I plan on starting this first thing tomorrow!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, if that\u8217\'92s the case, then you all go ahead and start the poker game without me. I\u8217\'92m going to clean up this list and make copies for everyone,\u8221\'94 said Liz.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <!$Scr_Ps::0>}}