{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red0\green174\blue254;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs28\b0\i0\fi-1185\li1707\lin1707}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs28\b0\i0\fi-889\li1280\lin1280}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs28\b0\i0\fi-1185\li1707\lin1707}{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs28\cf0
\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_H::2>Closes to my original:<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Refrain from adding new lines of dialogue unless absolutely necessary for coherence or character development. I'd like the narrative to weave seamlessly around the original dialogue, providing connective tissue between the lines of speech rather than introducing new plot points or revelations.}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx720\li677\fi-500\sa180\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Please revise and enhance this scene, but prioritize preserving my original dialogue and structure as much as possible. While the narrative description is important for setting the scene and expressing the characters' internal thoughts, I prefer a heavier emphasis on dialogue to carry the scene forward. Allow the characters' words and interactions to reveal their personalities and the nuances of the situation.}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_H::2>Prioritize My dialogue:<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Please revise and enhance this scene, but prioritize preserving my original dialogue and structure as much as possible. I'm particularly interested in maintaining the authentic voice of my characters and the specific flow of the conversation.}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_H::2>Add Depth to Dialogue:<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Please ensure the scene is not dominated by dialogue. Integrate some narrative description and action into the dialogue to add depth and create a more dynamic scene. Avoid having many lines of dialogue without any breaks in between. Keep the characters 'doing' things while they're talking, making the scene more lively and engaging.}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 * Conclude each scene with an evocative image or action that naturally implies an end or transition, without explicitly stating the scene is ending.}
\par\pard\plain \tx720\li677\fi-500\sa180\sb180\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 To have all of your scenes written in the style of Nicholas Sparks, you can include the following instruction in your custom instructions:}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 "Please write all scenes in the style of Nicholas Sparks. Infuse each scene with emotional depth, heartfelt descriptions, and a touch of romantic intrigue. Use sensory details to immerse the reader in the characters' emotions and surroundings. Capture the essence of tender beauty and poetic language in each narrative. Ensure that the scenes evoke a strong emotional response and resonate with the reader on an emotional level."}
\par\pard\plain \tx720\li677\fi-500\sb180\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Please preserve my original dialogue as much as possible. It's important that the dialogue serves as the primary driver of the scene. Use narrative description primarily to supplement the dialogue, providing context, mood, and introspection, but not steering the main course of events.}
\par\pard\plain \tx720\li677\fi-500\sa180\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls3\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Use the narrative to enhance the existing dialogue, emphasizing character emotions, internal thoughts, and the setting as necessary. However, ensure the dialogue remains the central mechanism for moving the plot forward.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Integrate dialogue tags an action tags at your full discretion. }
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Remove all speaker labels identified by the character name followed by a colon and a space. Example "Sarah: "}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Please prioritize 'showing' over 'telling' in this scene. I'd like the narrative to convey emotions, actions, and settings through descriptive language, character interactions, and dialogue, rather than directly stating them. Aim to make the scene vivid and immersive, allowing readers to infer and visualize details." }}