{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Liz\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s husband of eight years, Joe, emerged from his man-cave in the basement, stepping into the warm buzz of the soon-to-be poker night. \u8220\'93How\u8217\'92s it going, man? Good to see you!\u8221\'94 Joe\u8217\'92s greeting thundered across the room, his handshake with Evan solid and hearty, like the ones you see in those feel-good movies, signaling years of friendship.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 You couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t miss Joe if you tried. The guy was like a character straight out of those rugged outdoor ads, minus the pretense. With his reddish-brown curls just barely tamed and a beard that was more lumberjack chic than urban hipster, Joe had this way of filling the room with both his size and his larger-than-life personality. His blue eyes always had this glint of mischief or maybe it was just the reflection of his latest adventure outdoors. Decked out in what could very well be his uniform\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 jeans and a plaid shirt that looked like they could take on a day\u8217\'92s work without breaking a sweat\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Joe was the epitome of a man who knew his way around both a toolbox and a barbecue grill.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Liz, in the midst of what looked like an orchestrated chaos of party prep, barely skipped a beat when the doorbell rang. With the calm of a seasoned host, she hollered over her shoulder, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That must be Alicia and Abe. Evan, can you get that?\u8221\'94 There was a warmth in her voice, a welcoming note that made the task sound more like an invitation than a chore.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 True to form, Alicia and Abe, an African-American couple known for their blend of sophistication, intellect, and grace, stood at the threshold. Liz, who\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s got a thing for keeping her door open for the poker crowd, couldn\u8217\'92t help but find it endearing how the Robinsons stuck to ringing the bell every single time, sticking to their more traditional ways.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Alicia stepped into the room, a vision of poise and professionalism. In her mid-50s, she radiated a confidence earned through years of navigating life\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s highs and lows, her role as a respected OB/GYN specializing in fertility only adding to her aura. Dressed in attire that was both stylish and suited to her esteemed profession, Alicia\u8217\'92s presence was both commanding and warm. Her hair and eyes, deep and expressive, seemed to reflect her rich experiences and compassionate nature.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Liz had initially sought Alicia\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s expertise to navigate her fertility challenges, a journey marked by setbacks and perseverance. Over time, their relationship deepened from professional consultations to a profound friendship grounded in mutual support and understanding.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Abe, Alicia\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s counterpart, brought his own distinct energy to the room. As a tenured philosophy professor at a prestigious Chicago area college, his tall, thin stature was matched by an intellect that commanded attention. Dressed with understated elegance, his choice of suits and ties, even in the most casual settings, spoke of a man who embraced his role as an educator both in appearance and demeanor. His voice, slow and deliberate, had the unique ability to make even the simplest conversations deeply engaging, reflecting his philosophical insight and the respect he held among his peers and students.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan greeted Abe and Alicia with a handshake, respecting their preference for a more formal acknowledgment. The exchange was brief but filled with mutual respect and understanding. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Guido burst into Liz\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s home with all the energy of a summer storm. He was built solid, thick and muscular, thanks to his gym routine. He was decked out in shiny gold jewelry that glittered in the light. His watch alone probably cost more than most people\u8217\'92s rent, and his tan? Clearly, the guy knew how to live it up outside the stock market too. His laugh filled the room, impossible to ignore, just like him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Guido and Evan, now that was a pair you wouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t expect to click as well as they did. Since their college days sharing a dorm, they\u8217\'92ve been thick as thieves. Evan\u8217\'92s calm, collected vibe somehow meshed perfectly with Guido\u8217\'92s go-getter energy. It was a friendship that broke the mold, built on deep mutual respect for their differences.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 With a demeanor that screamed Jersey Shore despite his actual roots, Guido\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s way of speaking was unapologetically bold and streetwise. Some found his edgy vernacular off-putting, but Liz looked beyond that. In Guido, she found the qualities of an honorary younger brother, his seemingly tough shell concealing a true, steadfast loyalty.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 There was no love lost between Guido and Alicia. She found Guido\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s womanizing ways and edgy bravado appalling. Guido found guilty pleasure in pushing her buttons. Their frequent verbal sparring confrontations were always dialed back, a nod to their respect for Liz and Evan. This dance of disagreement often became part of the poker night\u8217\'92s entertainment for the rest of the group.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Guido\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s greeting was nothing short of grandiose. \u8220\'93Hey, everybody! The Guido is here! I hope you all brought your money because I am feeling lucky tonight!\u8221\'94 His voice boomed with a mix of bravado and good-natured challenge, setting the tone for the night.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Guido, come give your big sis a hug!\u8221\'94 Liz exclaimed, her arms wide open in anticipation. Guido\u8217\'92s hug was a spectacle in itself, scooping Liz up and twirling her around with such gusto that it left her both laughing and slightly dizzy but utterly cherished.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Joe was already making his way to the poker table, ready to kick off the games. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Let the games begin!\u8221\'94 he announced, eager to dive into the night\u8217\'92s competition. The stage was set for an evening full of laughter, friendly rivalry, and maybe, just maybe, a few surprises.<!$Scr_Ps::0>}}