{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red84\green141\blue212;\red90\green90\blue90;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs30\cf1 I think that's all I will provide right now. Once we start writing chapters, I will include detailed profiles on these characters and every character in the scenes that are in writing, along with location profiles and more. }
\par\plain \f0\fs30\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs30\cf1 I did want to add one note. Ironically, although Liz is like a mother to everyone, a subplot is that she struggles with fertility. She's gets married to her husband Joe in book 1, and quickly in book 2, we find out that she is struggling to maintain a pregnancy. Ultimately, after a couple of miscarriages, she seems to be unable to get pregnant no matter her efforts. This is a important plot point throughout book 2.}
\par\plain \f0\fs30\cf1
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs30\cf1 I have written this a while ago, and I think will suffice for our needs to get started. This is the brief summary for the true main character of the trilogy, Chloe Collette:}
\par\plain \f0\fs30\cf1
\par\pard\plain \li288\sa60\sb240\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs32\b1\cf4 Chloe Collete}
\par\pard\plain \li288\sa160\sl252\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\cf5 Once Chloe entered the story, she took over as the primary protagonist for the duration of the trilogy. It is impossible to describe Chloe in just a few words adequately. She has that next-door girl type of beauty. However, the late-blooming and diminutive Chloe still saw herself as an ugly duckling. At least when compared to what she considered beautiful. She had been nicknamed crazy Chloe for her propensity to go from the highest high to the lowest low in a flash.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf5 She had a boatload of insecurities and tended to sabotage her happiness. Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s sister Liz met Chloe when she was only 14 years old, and from a geographical distance, did her best to keep Chloe out of trouble over the years. From the beginning, Liz recognized the tremendous potential of the lovable and talented artist, Chloe. Chloe became Evan\u8217\'92s love interest immediately upon entering the story.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf5 One important thing to know about Chloe is that she never wants to have children. She was convinced she would be a terrible mom, just like her mother. This fear of having children is one of the driving forces that convinces her that she and Evan were not a good long-term match.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs28\b0\cf5
\par\plain \f0\fs30\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs30\cf1 Unless you have any more questions, I will start working on the brief summaries for each book.}
\par\plain \f0\fs30\cf1}