{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Evan stepped back into the conference room, his brief consultation outside leaving him visibly tense. Inside, the atmosphere shifted noticeably as he caught the tail end of Liz and Sarah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s embrace\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a silent, charged moment that spoke volumes. Liz, sensing Evan\u8217\'92s mood, offered a brief, reassuring touch on his shoulder before making a quiet exit, the soft click of the door marking her departure.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Across the table, Sarah resettled into her chair, steeling herself with the practiced stoicism of someone bracing for impact. As Evan took his seat opposite her, the room was engulfed in a heavy silence, broken only by the weight of his glare. Sarah, maintaining a composed exterior, met his look with an equanimity borne of necessity, not indifference.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What do you want to know, Evan?\u8221\'94 Sarah\u8217\'92s voice, matter-of-fact, cut through the tension, a clear invitation for him to voice the turmoil she knew he harbored.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s attention flickered to Sarah\u8217\'92s hand, the absence of her wedding ring sending a stab pain through him, a silent testament to the rift between them. \u8220\'93I want to know everything,\u8221\'94 he began, his voice a mix of irritation and frustration. \u8220\'93I want to know why you left me when everything was fine. I want to know why you refused to talk to me for three months. I want to know why you couldn\u8217\'92t at least wait until after the divorce before taking off your wedding ring. My attorney told me you\u8217\'92re only using your maiden name now. None of this makes any sense to me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Sarah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s response was measured, an attempt to bridge the gap of understanding that had widened between them. \u8220\'93Things weren\u8217\'92t fine. We are on different paths. We have different goals. Can\u8217\'92t you see that, Evan?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan was not easily swayed, his conviction that their issues were surmountable evident in his reply. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t see anything we couldn\u8217\'92t have worked out. We were getting along great. Maybe our love life wasn\u8217\'92t what it was like in college, but it was still highly active. The business we built together is thriving. The foundation we started does great work. We are making more money than we could ever spend. I think things were working quite well,\u8221\'94 he countered, unwilling to concede their shared life so easily.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why do you think we thrived in the bedroom and business?\u8221\'94 Sarah asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s answer was tinged with a mild sarcasm, born of a reluctance to delve deeper into the fissures that had fractured their union. \u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know. Because we love each other and do good work?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s because those were the only things we have in common. A successful business and an active sex life masked the underlying problems in our relationship,\u8221\'94 Sarah explained, her voice laden with the weight of unspoken truths.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What problems?\u8221\'94 he asked, genuinely at a loss.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We are completely different people. I don\u8217\'92t enjoy any of the things you enjoy and vice versa. While the company was growing and the foundation was getting off the ground, we were in sync, but not anymore,\u8221\'94 Sarah explained, her words painting a picture of divergence that had slowly, inexorably, driven them apart.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan leaned forward, his voice laced with a mix of confusion and desperation. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I know we had disagreements about what to do next in our life. I don\u8217\'92t see why we couldn\u8217\'92t work them out. You said you want to travel and have a family. That\u8217\'92s precisely what I want.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Sarah, maintaining her composure yet her eyes betraying a hint of sadness, responded, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I wanted a child, not a big family. And you wouldn\u8217\'92t be the right kind of father.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan recoiled slightly, as if the words were a physical blow. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why would you say that? You know I love working with kids.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Sarah sighed, her voice soft yet firm. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Evan, I know you will be a great father one day. I\u8217\'92m not suggesting otherwise. But we have completely different ideas when it comes to raising children. I want to raise my child like I was raised.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 She continued, her voice gaining strength as she spoke of her upbringing. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93My parents may not have affectionately shown their love, but they made sure I always had what I needed and encouraged me to be the best at anything I did. Instead of playdates, I learned and grew in other ways. I like how I was raised, and I plan to raise my child in the same way.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan listened, his face a mask of concentration. Sarah added, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I know you, Evan. Your idea of parenting will be mostly fun and games and minimal structure and discipline. It will be sports over academics. It will be chaotic at times. And I\u8217\'92m not saying there is anything wrong with that. It\u8217\'92s just not the kind of parenting that works for me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93As far as travel. I want to travel internationally for business. I wouldn\u8217\'92t be happy if I stayed here in Chicago with you. I want to grow a company, and that\u8217\'92s just not what you want,\u8221\'94 she concluded, her voice steady and resolved.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s expression softened, a bit of understanding crossing his features. \u8220\'93And you don\u8217\'92t think we can find a compromise?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Sarah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s gaze met his, her eyes reflecting a well of emotions. \u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t regret my decision to get married to you instead of getting my master\u8217\'92s degree and pursuing the life I had envisioned. I\u8217\'92ve learned and grown with you in unexpected ways.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 She paused, taking a deep breath. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But Evan, I\u8217\'92m living your life, not mine. My only friends are your friends and Liz. Chicago is not my city and not where I feel at home. Now that the company has grown to its maximum size, there\u8217\'92s nothing left for me to do. Liz has operations running like a well-oiled machine. You are doing a great job running the foundation. I need more.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan, his face clouded with confusion, finally spoke, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t agree with anything you\u8217\'92re saying. But I see you have made up your mind. What I don\u8217\'92t see is why you left so abruptly and refused to talk to me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Sarah looked away for a moment before meeting his gaze again, her voice barely above a whisper. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Because Evan, you still have this power over me. You would find some way to pull out that emotional part of me. You would do something romantic or find a way to persuade me we could make it work. I knew I wouldn\u8217\'92t have had the strength to overcome that. I know this is the right decision.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan leaned forward, a mix of distress and concern shadowing his features as he confronted Sarah across the dimly lit conference room. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t understand why you had to go back to your maiden name so quickly,\u8221\'94 he began, his voice thick with emotion, \u8220\'93or why you stopped wearing your wedding ring before the divorce was finalized.\u8221\'94 He lifted his hand, showcasing the ring still encircling his finger, a tangible symbol of his commitment. \u8220\'93I still have mine on! Are you already in the market looking for someone else?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Sarah, seated opposite him, remained silent, her body language an expression of shame. She looked down, unable to meet his gaze, her silence a deafening response to his questions. Her silence provided Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s answer. Evan\u8217\'92s heart sank, a metaphorical punch to his gut, as he buried his face in his hands, overwhelmed by a wave of distress.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 She walked around the table to Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s side, squatted down, and gently spun his chair to face her. \u8220\'93Evan,\u8221\'94 she said, her voice compassionate and consoling, \u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t want to hurt you. I\u8217\'92m back in college, working towards my master\u8217\'92s degree, and I was collaborating on a project with a guy near my age. We went on a couple of dates, but nothing happened, Evan. Not even a kiss.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Every word Sarah uttered struck Evan like a dart, piercing his heart. With his hands still veiling his face, he turned slightly as his head fell onto the conference room table, a gesture of utter defeat and desolation. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I explained to him the situation. He knows he and I can only be friends for now. I am focused on my degree, and I doubt anything will come of that relationship. Please look at me,\u8221\'94 Sarah pleaded.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan struggled, but he found the strength to turn and look at Sarah. The revelation that Sarah had gone on dates with another man solidified the painful truth that their relationship was indeed at its end. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So this is it? We are never going to see each other again?\u8221\'94 he asked, his voice laced with a mix of upset and resignation.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We live so far apart. I doubt we\u8217\'92ll run into each other. I don\u8217\'92t think it\u8217\'92s a good idea anyway,\u8221\'94 Sarah replied, her words cementing the finality of their separation.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 In a moment of introspection, Evan found a bittersweet peace in accepting the end of their relationship. His mind wandered back to their first kiss, a memory that brought a nostalgic smile to his face. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If this is the last time we\u8217\'92re going to see each other, I think we should end the relationship like it started,\u8221\'94 he suggested with a tender reminiscence. \u8220\'93As I recall, I said, \u8216\'91I feel like I should kiss you.\u8217\'92\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Sarah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s smile mirrored Evan\u8217\'92s as she replied, \u8220\'93And I said, \u8216\'91I\u8217\'92m not going to stop you.\u8217\'92\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan looked deeply into Sarah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes as he leaned in to kiss her. His hands explored Sarah\u8217\'92s back with familiar desire, untucking her blouse in the process. But the moment Sarah felt Evan\u8217\'92s intentions shift, panic set in. \u8220\'93What are you doing? We can\u8217\'92t do this, Evan!\u8221\'94 she protested, fear lacing her voice.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan paused, his gaze pleading. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why not?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We just can\u8217\'92t!\u8221\'94 Sarah insisted, her resolve crumbling under the weight of their shared history and unresolved feelings.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s final plea was soft, yet challenging. \u8220\'93Sarah, look me in the eyes and tell me you don\u8217\'92t love me anymore.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Their eyes locked, and in that moment, Sarah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s silence spoke volumes. She couldn\u8217\'92t deny her lingering love for Evan. Overwhelmed by a surge of affection, Sarah found herself drawn back into Evan\u8217\'92s embrace, their kiss reigniting with fervor. Yet, with the intensity of their connection came a wave of apprehension. Tears, rare for Sarah, broke through her composed exterior, signaling the turmoil within. \u8220\'93I promised myself this wouldn\u8217\'92t happen. I can\u8217\'92t do this, Evan. I\u8217\'92m sorry,\u8221\'94 she stammered, hastily fixing her blouse before rushing away. Evan was left in solitude, grappling with a whirlwind of emotions: love, sorrow, and an aching desire for what once was.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Feeling the urgency to escape the escalating situation, Sarah fumbled to tuck in her blouse, her movements brisk and shaky. She dashed out the door, leaving Evan in solitude, Evan felt a cold emptiness spread through him as he muttered, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is this really happening?\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Ps::0>}}