{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 ComicSansMS-Italic;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f3\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}{\f4\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Bold;}{\f5\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-BoldItalic;}{\f6\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Italic;}{\f7\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-BoldItalic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red170\green85\blue0;\red186\green124\blue93;\red139\green93\blue0;\red0\green135\blue216;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_H::2>Create a compelling part of the scene titled \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Poker Host Liz Breaks For Chloe\u8221\'94.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 - Before creating the scene, carefully review my Custom instructions, and strictly adhere to those instructions when writing the scene. In particular, ensure that all my dialogue is used verbatim and no lines of dialogue are omitted.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 - Use the scene profile I previously provided to generate a compelling part of the scene. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 - Use the detailed information in the Scope Components section below to assist in creating a compelling scene part.}
\par\plain \f1\fs26\b0\i1\cf4
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 Scene Details:}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 - Scene Number: 8}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 - Scene Title: Poker Host Liz Breaks For Chloe}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 - Scene Part #: Part 1 of 1}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 - Scope Components:<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>[ Begin the scene describing Liz's joyful feeling as she performs typical host duties for the poker party ahead. Engage the reader in the scene by describing what Liz is doing, such as preparing snacks and other typical hosting tasks. You have full discretion.<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain \f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf5
\par\plain {\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Make note of the location: Liz's modest but well-kept three bedroom house in Glenview, Illinois. This is the home where she and her husband Joe live.]<!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b0\i1\cf5 <$Scr_Ps::1>[ While Liz is attending to her hostess duties. She sees her phone light up with an incoming call from "Chloe Collette." This might be a good place for internal dialogue so the reader can know the multiple thoughts going through Liz's head. If she gets an unscheduled call from Chloe, is almost certain to be related to some perceived dramatic occurrence in her life. Most of the time is a problem with whatever unpleasant boyfriend she's dating at the time or she's calling to vent about a fight she had with her sister, Rebecca or complaint about her mom.}
\par\plain \f2\fs22\b0\i1\cf5
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i1\cf5 However, anytime Liz gets a call or text from Chloe, a smile appears upon her face. Six years her junior, Liz met Chloe when Chloe was only 14 years old. What started off as a big sister type relationship, transitioned to a mentoring type relationship, and as Chloe entered adulthood became a deep friendship \endash  while all the time, Liz played a bit of a mothering role like she does to most everyone in her life. Liz is a very nurturing woman.}
\par\plain \f2\fs22\b0\i1\cf5
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i1\cf5 After you're done describing Liz's affectionate reaction to seeing Chloe's name on her phone, Liz wanting to focus her attention on Chloe, does the following.}
\par\plain \f2\fs22\b0\i1\cf5
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i1\cf5 - Turns down the music}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i1\cf5 - Not wanting to burn the cheese dip, Liz turns off the stove burner.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i1\cf5 - Grabs a bottle wine, sits down on the stool by the island in the kitchen and pours herself a glass of wine, while answering Chloe\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s call on speakerphone \endash  no one is at home right now. ]<!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs30\b1\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::3>Liz<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2> (hearing Chloe crying hysterically, consoling):<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs30\cf1  "Hi, Chloe. Take a deep breath and tell me what's wrong."}
\par\plain {\f4\fs30\b1\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::3>Chloe<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2> (hyperventilating, struggling to get the words out):<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs30\cf1  "My boyfriend dumped me!"}
\par\plain {\f4\fs30\b1\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::3>Liz<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs30\cf1  }{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>(expressing a bit of displeasure with her boyfriend): <!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs30\cf1 "Again? What did he say this time?"}
\par\plain {\f4\fs30\b1\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::3>Chloe<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs30\cf1  }{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>(still crying hysterically but no longer hyperventilating):<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs30\cf1  "We had another stupid fight about nothing! He called me a 'bitch' and told me he never wants to see me again!"}
\par\plain {\f4\fs30\b1\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::3>Liz<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs30\cf1  }{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>(compassionate but wanting to offer sage advice):<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs30\cf1  "He doesn't treat you very well. You two have broken up so many times. Chloe, maybe it's best this way. I don't understand why you always go back to him.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f4\fs30\b1\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::3>Chloe<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs30\cf1  }{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>(almost childlike response):<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs30\cf1  "Because he loves me, and I love him.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f4\fs30\b1\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::3>Liz<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs30\cf1  }{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>(gently challenging Chloe)<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs30\cf1 : "Really? Do you really love him, Chloe? Do you really think he loves you the way he treats you?"}
\par\plain {\f4\fs30\b1\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::3>Chloe<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2> (still sniffling a bit but mostly calmed down<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 )}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 : }{\f0\fs30\cf1 "I don't know, Liz, but I don't want to be alone.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f4\fs30\b1\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::3>Liz<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs30\cf1  }{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>(compassionate but wanting to offer sage advice): <!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs30\cf1 "Fear of being alone is not a reason to be with a man who is emotionally and verbally abusive. Please think twice before going back to him."}
\par\plain {\f4\fs30\b1\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::3>Chloe<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2> (sniffling):<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs30\cf1  "It doesn't matter, he hates me. He's never going to want me back anyway.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs30\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs30\cf1 [ Liz was about to respond when Chloe abruptly interrupted her before she could get any words out. ]}
\par\plain \f0\fs30\cf1
\par\plain {\f4\fs30\b1\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::3>Chloe<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs30\cf1  }{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>(immediately transitioning to excitement):<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs30\cf1  "Oh Liz, let me call you back tomorrow. He's calling me right now and I need to answer before he hangs up.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf7
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>[ Without even a goodbye, the call is dropped as Chloe answers the phone call from her boyfriend. ]<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain \f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf5
\par\plain {\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>[ Not the first time an abrupt hangup has happened, Liz was not offended. A warm feeling remains in her as she returns to her hostess duties. ]<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain \f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf5
\par\plain {\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>[ Consider ending the scene with Liz hearing the door opening indicating the first guest arrived, but leave the scene ending in a bit of mystery as to who the guest is. ]<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain \f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf5
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\i1\cf5 <$Scr_Ps::1>[ Refer to the following example to assist you in outputting the scene in the way that I needed. A reminder to follow the instructions provided via chatGPT's Custom Instructions feature. ]<!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f5\fs26\b1\i1 Start of Example: }
\par\plain {\f5\fs26\b1\i1 Before Transition (What I provide):}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 After all the paperwork had been signed by Evan, Sarah, and Liz, Sarah's senior attorney, and Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s attorney shook hands in a show of equal respect. Sarah's senior attorney said a few words to her, shook her hand, and left the conference room.}
\par\plain {\f4\fs26\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::3>Sarah<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>(feeling shame):<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::4> \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You don't hate me, do you?"<!$Scr_Cs::4>}
\par\plain {\f4\fs26\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::3>Liz:<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::4> \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why would I hate you, Sarah?"<!$Scr_Cs::4>}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f4\fs26\b1\i0\cf6
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f5\fs26\b1\i1 After Transition (What you output):}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f7\fs26\b0\i0 After the formalities of signing the divorce papers were concluded, Sarah watched as the attorneys exchanged courteous nods, marking an end to the official proceedings. }
\par\plain {\f7\fs26\b0\i0 Sarah\loch\af7\hich\af7\dbch\af7\uc1\u8217\'92s voice was low, tinged with vulnerability. \u8220\'93You don\u8217\'92t hate me, do you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f7\fs26\b0\i0 Liz met her gaze, her expression softening. \loch\af7\hich\af7\dbch\af7\uc1\u8220\'93Why would I hate you, Sarah?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f7\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain \f7\fs26\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f5\fs26\b1\i1 End of Example.}
\par\plain \f6\fs26\b0\i1}