{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red139\green93\blue0;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf4 Evan}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 : \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Might I throw my hat in the ring?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf4 Laura}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 : \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93For what, exactly?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf4 Evan}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 : \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Forgive me. I\u8217\'92m being rude. Allow me to introduce myself. My name is Evan.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf4 Laura}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 : \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m Laura,\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf4 Evan}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 : \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And you are?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf4 Maggie}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 : \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Maggie.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf4 Evan:}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sorry for butting in. I overheard a bit of your chat and felt drawn to join. This will sound odd, but I believe destiny led me here. May I share why?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf4 Laura}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 : \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We are all ears!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf4 Evan}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 : \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve experienced similar frustrations with online dating. Just last night, I told my sister and friends I\u8217\'92m done with online dating, and I\u8217\'92m going to try something new. I woke up this morning feeling inspired.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf4 Evan}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 : \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I chose to let fate decide who I\u8217\'92d meet today. Started my journey in Highland Park and just drove west, letting the cosmos guide me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf4 Evan}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 : \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93When traffic ground to a halt, I saw it as a nudge to exit. At a gas station, a poster for the fall festival caught my eye. It felt like the universe was pointing me there.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf4 Evan}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 : \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93With all these people around, I wondered how I'd know who I was looking for. But when I saw your beautiful red hair, almost the same color as the leaves this time of year. I considered it a sign that we were meant to meet tonight." }
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf4 Laura}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 : \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s spectacular, isn\u8217\'92t it? Her red hair is all-natural. I keep saying she should trademark it!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf4 Evan}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 : It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s mesmerizing. Once I spotted you, I knew. The hard part was gathering the nerve to approach. Laura\u8217\'92s question seemed like the Universe giving me the final push.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf4 Maggie}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 : \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Quite the tale you\u8217\'92ve spun.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf4 Laura}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 : \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A captivating story, indeed!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf4 Server}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 : \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Can I get you anything?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf4 Evan}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 : \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I was just leaving, actually.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf4 Evan}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 : \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I can feel my nerve slipping away, but before I go, I just want to leave this with you." He offers his business card. "There's a bit about me on our website. Maggie, if you're up for it, I'd really enjoy your company at the fall festival tonight. Laura, you're more than welcome to join us. You could be our chaperone! I'll swing back here in about 45 minutes, okay? If you decide it's a yes, great. If not, no hard feelings, and I hope you both have a wonderful evening regardless.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf4 Maggie}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 : \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You seem like a great guy, Evan. We\u8217\'92ll see. But I can\u8217\'92t promise anything. Life\u8217\'92s a bit chaotic for me right now.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf4 Evan}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 : \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93My friend Guido is fearless when approaching women, but not me. I am way out of my comfort zone here. I guess I thought maybe there's a reason we crossed paths today. If you decide I'm not for you, that's completely fine. I conquered my hesitation to reach out, hoping you might do the same. How about giving it a shot for just one date? If we don't click, we part as friends after a fun night. Still, I'm optimistic it could lead to something more than that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf4 Evan}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 : \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Think about it, Maggie. Instead of telling your friends tomorrow about some boring online date - I\u8217\'92m yawning just thinking about it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf4 Evan}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 : \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Instead of boring them with yet another description of an uninteresting first date, you can tell them you had a great time at the fall festival with a man the Universe delivered right to your table! Not too many women get that kind of service, you know.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf4 Laura}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 : \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He\u8217\'92s right! Women never get that kind of service!\u8220\'93}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf4 Evan}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 : \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93My courage has abandoned me. I\u8217\'92ll leave you two to enjoy your dinner. I\u8217\'92ll try and look as suave as possible as I make my exit.\u8221\'94 With one final, longing glance at Maggie, he added, \u8220\'93Fingers crossed you\u8217\'92re here when I return.\u8221\'94}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\pard\plain \sa160\sl259\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0}