{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\f0\fs26\b0\fi-360\li720\lin720}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0 1.	}{\f0\fs26\b0\ul\ulc0 So you're telling me Liz that you agree that Evan has no chance of finding true love again. No I don't agree with that it's not what I'm saying.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0 2.	}{\f0\fs26\b0\strike\strikec0 Guido not afraid to challenge anybody, even Liz.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\strike\strikec0 3.	}{\f0\fs26\b0\strike\strikec0 All the greatest romances in history start off the same way - not knowing how it's going to play out.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\strike\strikec0 4.	}{\f0\fs26\b0\strike\strikec0 But we can take to the bank though is that Evan is going to do everything is power to make this the greatest year of her life.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\strike\strikec0 5.	}{\f0\fs26\b0\strike\strikec0 Evan will provide full disclosure if he feels the need.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0 6.	}{\f0\fs26\b0\strike\strikec0 Guido says everybody holds back something in a new relationship.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\strike\strikec0 7.	}{\f0\fs26\b0 Chloe and Rebecca fight even though they promised not to around Liz.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0 8.	}{\f0\fs26\b0 Liz cried on trip to St Louis. Her final miscarriage. Intro failure #2. Number one failure was when Chloe called while at office.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0 9.	}{\f0\fs26\b0 Chloe signed lease after be only a short time.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0 10.	}{\f0\fs26\b0 She only had 2 weeks between last breakup..a record!}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0 11.	}{\f0\fs26\b0 Rebecca doesn't think Chloe knows what real problems are.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0 12.	}{\f0\fs26\b0 Chloe tells Liz she doesn't know why Liz puts up with her.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0 13.	}{\f0\fs26\b0 Rebecca says that Chloe under charges clients}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0 14.	}{\f0\fs26\b0 Maybe they flight about 13.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0 15.	}{\f0\fs26\b0 Guido meet with Evan before 3 dates.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0 16.	}{\f0\fs26\b0 Guido visits Evan after 2 or 3 months with 3 dates.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0 17.	}{\f0\fs26\b0 Guido has talked with Evan and says a few things, love is a criminal, I don't have any breakups because I don't have any break-ins, love is heartache, love is pain. I don't break anyone's heart. I wasn't against your plan like the others, but I didn't think it would work as well as it did.\~}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0 18.	}{\f0\fs26\b0 Guido has his sources when it comes to finding out about Evans gift to Maggie.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0 19.	}{\f0\fs26\b0 Guido says that Patty is like Maggie and Evans already done this plan bebefore.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0 20.	}{\f0\fs26\b0 Have Chloe make oven breakfast on their first night together in the cabin.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0 21.	}{\f0\fs26\b0 Evan's overactive mind felt like a gift, having too many thoughts to stress about any one in particular.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0 22.	}{\f0\fs26\b0 Chloe finds a baseball mitt when she's clean out the garage for her little beetle. Is also a scene where Evan is sick for a week. When cleaning out the garage, she finds a baseball mitt that Evan holds on to from his dad. Train set? Chloe and Evan play with whatever.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0 23.	}{\f0\fs26\b0 Evan finds out that the reason Liz never visited their dads she wanted to stay take care of Evan}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0 24.	}{\f0\fs26\b0 Maybe have Liz give Chloe letters from Evan's father.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0 25.	}{\f0\fs26\b0 Evan is boss lady as a birthday present making Evans office clean and modern. She also gives him a painting of The cottage lake house.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0 26.	}{\f0\fs26\b0 Chloe is a proud of herself when she talks to Liz because I've been opened up about his father - maybe that's when Liz gives Chloe letters.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0 27.	}{\f0\fs26\b0 Chloe shoebox under bed with Liz\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85. horror movie reference.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0 28.	}{\f0\fs26\b0 Guido calls Sarah Blondie}}