{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Bold;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red0\green149\blue223;\red170\green64\blue101;\red76\green76\blue76;\red208\green78\blue124;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\fi-661963577\li953964873\lin953964873}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \sa60\sb240\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs32\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_H::2>Scene Profile: }{\f2\fs28\b1\i0 <$Scr_Cs::1>Scene #17: Laura and Maggie Google Evan<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Cs::1><!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sl120\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f3\fs32\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Ps::2>Summary:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf6 Laura and Maggie delve into the Internet to uncover details about Evan. Encouraged by their findings, Laura convinces a hesitant Maggie to take a leap of faith and explore the possibility with Evan.<!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sl168\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Ps::2>Leading Context:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf6 In the previous scene, Evan worked up the courage to join strangers, Maggie and Laura, at their table outside the caf\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u233\'E9 in Naperville Illinois. Evan did his best to lay on the charm invite Maggie to attend the fall festival with him as his date and invited Laura to join as the chaperone. Maggie was flattered and charmed by Evan, but held a little bit of skepticism regarding his motives. Laura, however, had little doubt about Evan. In this scene, she does her best to encourage Maggie to give Evan a chance. At a minimum, enjoy a night out at the festival with someone new.<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sl168\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 Setting:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 - Location:}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::5> Outside dining at a quaint caf\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u233\'E9 in downtown Naperville, Illinois.<!$Scr_Cs::5>}
\par\plain {\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 - Time:}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::5> Early evening.<!$Scr_Cs::5>}
\par\plain {\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 - Weather/Environment:}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::5> A comfortable fall day \endash  moderate temperature.<!$Scr_Cs::5><!$Scr_Ps::4><$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sl168\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 Characters Present:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 - Main Characters:}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::5> Maggie, Laura.<!$Scr_Cs::5><!$Scr_Ps::4><$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sl168\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf7
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 Character Emotional State:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 - Maggie:}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::5> Subconsciously, Maggie knows that she's going to end up going with Evan to the festival. However, consciously she\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92s still resistant. Past experience with men combined with her busy schedule, leave her apprehensive about taking a chance with Evan. However, already weakened by Evan's charm in the previous scene, Laura breaks down Maggie's remaining resistance to, and a minimum, enjoy the evening with Evan. Although Maggie ultimately agrees to go to the festival with Evan, she has not completely let go of her apprehensiveness and resistance.<!$Scr_Cs::5>}
\par\plain {\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 - Laura:}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::5> Laura has no doubts about Evan. She was excited to see her friend show interest, albeit with a bit of skepticism, in Evan. She was more than charmed by Evan's story. In this scene, with great enthusiasm, she made it her mission to ensure that Maggie goes to the fall festival with Evan. Her intentions are genuine \endash  she wants her friend to have a good time at least for one night.<!$Scr_Cs::5><!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sl168\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf7
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Ps::2>POV:}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::5> Third person limited, deep (focusing on Maggie)<!$Scr_Cs::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sl168\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf6
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 Dialogue Focus:}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::5> Heavy<!$Scr_Cs::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sl168\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 Use of Internal Dialogue:}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::5> Minimal<!$Scr_Cs::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sl168\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 Objectives/Goals:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::6>}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li576\fi-216\sa60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 This scene is meant to show that while part of Maggie is apprehensive and resistant to go out with Evan, in her heart of hearts she wants to go out with him. This is important as we learn more about the Maggie character. She has a lot of this "push \endash  pull" internal struggle about dating and other issues. }
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 The scene also establishes foundation for character development and relationship development between Laura and Maggie. <!$Scr_Ps::6><$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sl168\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 Notes:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf6 This document is the Scene Profile and is meant to be used as a reference. Do not write the scene at this time.<!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf5}