{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red0\green149\blue223;\red130\green49\blue77;\red170\green64\blue101;\red76\green76\blue76;\red208\green78\blue124;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\fi-2099227\li3025225\lin3025225}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1\fi-15780\li22740\lin22740}
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{circle\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9702\'3F;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1\fi-15780\li45461\lin45461}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fs26\b0\i0\cf1\fi-66496\li95828\lin95828}
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{circle\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9702\'3F;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fs26\b0\i0\cf1\fi-66496\li191573\lin191573}{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \sa60\sb240\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs32\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_H::2>Scene Profile:<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs32\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_H::2>Title:}{\f2\fs32\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> Title<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::3>Summary:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 Information<!$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::3>Leading Context:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 Information<!$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::3>Setting:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 - Location:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> Information<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 - Time:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> Information<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 - Weather/Environment:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> Information<!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::3>Characters Present:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 - Main Characters:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> Information<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 - Secondary Characters:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> Information<!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::3>Character Emotional State:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 - Evan:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> Information<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 - Sarah:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> Information<!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::3>POV:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> Third person limited, deep (focusing on Name)<!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::3>Dialogue Focus:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> Moderate<!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::3>Use of Internal Dialogue:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> Moderate<!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::3>Plot/Action:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 I will be providing the plot and details for this scene separately.<!$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::3>Objectives/Goals:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::6>}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li576\fi-216\sa60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 In this scene, we want to show that regardless of the divorce, Sarah still respects both Liz and Evan and stands up in their defense when her attorney attacks.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 We also see that finally Sarah relents and agrees to a meeting with Evan. This sets the stage for a later scene in which Sarah does her best with limited success in explaining to both Evan and the readers her reasons for the divorce.<!$Scr_Ps::6>}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::3>Special Instructions/Notes:<!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch \f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li576\fi-216\sa60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1  Embedded instructions within the narrative or dialogue markers are to be used for specific actions, emotions, or detailed descriptions within the scene. These can be bracketed or in parentheses. Example: [describe in vivid detail Liz's apartment] or Liz (smiling warmly): }
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 When an embedded instruction is part of the dialogue marker, it may appear in parentheses instead of square brackets. Example: Liz (playful teasing):.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Dialogue markers will be the character's name followed by a colon. Example: Evan: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Patti, how dare you!"}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Please incorporate all provided dialogue exactly as written, without modifications. Each line of dialogue given must be included in the scene to preserve the integrity of the characters' voices and the intended narrative flow. This requirement is crucial for maintaining consistency and authenticity within the story.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Text not enclosed in quotes or marked by embedded instructions should be treated as general narrative elements that are open for adaptation or expansion.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Emphasize \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93showing" over \u8220\'93telling" when possible, using descriptive imagery and action rather than plain statements.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Use Deep POV to provide an immersive reader experience. Deep POV is a close third-person narration style that offers direct access to a character's thoughts and feelings.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 In an effort to engage the reader more profoundly and connect the reader with the characters, I like for physiological expressions and internal dialogue to be included in each scene. Please consider this when writing the scene.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Important Note: The output should be in a format suitable for a published romance novel. }
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Be sure to omit the following when writing the scene:}
\par\pard\plain \tx955\tx1440\li1196\fi-256\sa60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl1{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u9702 	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Dialogue markers. Example: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Evan:"}
\par\plain \ilvl1{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u9702 	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Any embedded instructions, whether they're in brackets or parentheses.}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li576\fi-216\sa60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls3\ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Ps::6>Do NOT use bullets when writing the scene.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Do NOT use the word \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93palpable" when writing the scene.<!$Scr_Ps::6>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f2\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Below is an example of the scene that you excellently crafted from a \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Plot/Action" section I had given you. Please use this as a model or reference to what I'm seeking when you create a compelling scene for me.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch \f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::3>Example:<!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 As documents were distributed to Sarah, Liz, and Evan. Evan's eyes lingered on Sarah as she swiftly signed her name, her hand moving with a speed he hadn't seen before. The sight stirred something within him, a mix of disbelief and a simmering frustration.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan, unable to contain his feelings, spoke out, his voice laced with a rebellious undertone, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Wow, you really are anxious to get divorced. I\u8217\'92ve never seen you sign anything so fast.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Sarah, without pausing her rapid signing, responded with a hint of frustration in her voice, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve already read the documents and agree to the changes your attorney made.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s resolve hardened, his voice steady and insistent, \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not signing anything until I get some answers.\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Sarah, pausing briefly, pleaded with Evan, her voice soft yet firm, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Come on, Evan, don\u8217\'92t make this any more difficult than it has to be.\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f2\fs26\b0\i0\cf1}