{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>After the formalities of signing the divorce papers were concluded, Sarah watched as the attorneys exchanged courteous nods, marking an end to the official proceedings. Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s attorney whispered a few parting words of advice to Evan, guiding him out for a private conversation, leaving the conference room steeped in a heavy silence. Now alone, Sarah and Liz faced each other, an ocean of unspoken emotions swirling between them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Sarah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s voice was low, tinged with vulnerability. \u8220\'93You don\u8217\'92t hate me, do you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Liz met her gaze, her expression softening. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why would I hate you, Sarah?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s just... knowing how close you and Evan are, and him being so hurt...\u8221\'94 Sarah\u8217\'92s voice trailed off as she exhaled a heavy sigh, the weight of her actions pressing down on her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I never wanted to hurt him. You understand why I had to do this, right?\u8221\'94 Sarah\u8217\'92s eyes searched Liz\u8217\'92s for some sign of understanding.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Liz nodded, her voice warm and reassuring. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, I understand, and no, I don\u8217\'92t hate you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Sarah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shoulders slumped slightly, relief momentarily lightening the burden she carried. \u8220\'93I bet everyone in the office is bad-mouthing me. They probably think I\u8217\'92m the worst.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Evan tries to put on a brave face, but they can see he is struggling with the divorce,\u8221\'94 Liz explained, trying to offer a perspective. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s hard for them not to take sides.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They never liked me, even before I left,\u8221\'94 Sarah confessed, a hint of defensiveness creeping into her tone.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They just don\u8217\'92t know you like Evan and I do. If they got to know you, they would feel differently,\u8221\'94 Liz countered gently, believing in the goodness at Sarah\u8217\'92s core.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Sarah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s gaze dropped, her thoughts turning inward. \u8220\'93I regret the pain I\u8217\'92ve caused Evan. Sometimes, I wonder if rejecting his proposal would have spared us both.\u8221\'94 She paused, her doubts from that time resurfacing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You can\u8217\'92t dwell on the past, Sarah. Think of the good that came from your marriage,\u8221\'94 Liz urged, steering the conversation toward a more positive reflection.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Good?\u8221\'94 Sarah echoed, a flicker of curiosity lighting her eyes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You were the brain behind The Vaughn Group's success, Sarah. Plus, your philanthropic work back in college was the spark for Evan's nonprofit journey. A spark that became his passion that led to The Vaughn Foundation and the great work they do. You've had an incredible impact on both Evan and the community.\u8221\'94 Liz reminded her, emphasizing the positive ripple effects of their union.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 "Evan's brought a lot to the table too. Even beyond his work at the foundation, he's been amazing with the business. His knack for managing projects and leading teams, and his way with clients? I couldn't match that," Sarah admitted, recognizing Evan's contributions.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93True, but the business side of things? Making the company profitable is where you shined. He\u8217\'92ll miss your expertise, but don\u8217\'92t worry; he\u8217\'92ll manage,\u8221\'94 Liz reassured her, confidence in her voice.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Sarah expressed her concern. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m worried about Evan. He doesn\u8217\'92t even know how to file taxes. I don\u8217\'92t think he\u8217\'92s ever written a check. He\u8217\'92s actually good with numbers but has no interest or experience in managing finances. On top of that, he doesn\u8217\'92t even care about money. I\u8217\'92m worried he\u8217\'92ll go bankrupt within a year.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Please don\u8217\'92t worry. Evan is not a big spender, and I\u8217\'92ve already been working with him on these issues. He\u8217\'92ll learn what he needs to learn.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Thank you, Liz. Promise me you\u8217\'92ll reach out if there\u8217\'92s anything you need to know. I worry about him,\u8221\'94 Sarah implored, her heart heavy with concern.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Liz chuckled. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sarah, I\u8217\'92ve been looking out for Evan since we were kids. I\u8217\'92m not going to stop now.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Sarah looked at Liz, admiration, and gratitude mingling in her gaze. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93One thing I learned over the past few years is that a leopard cannot change its spots. I am who I am. But if I could be like anyone else in this world, I would want to be like you. You\u8217\'92re the most amazing woman I\u8217\'92ve ever met.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Liz, visibly moved by Sarah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s words, responded, \u8220\'93That means a lot, Sarah. And for what it\u8217\'92s worth, I think you\u8217\'92re pretty great too.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Their exchange, filled with mutual respect and understanding, led to a warm embrace. This simple gesture encapsulated their deep connection and shared past, offering them both a moment of solace in the midst of turmoil. <!$Scr_Ps::0>}}