{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red163\green101\blue209;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>The hour away from Maggie and Laura dragged by for Evan. He meandered along the Naperville Riverwalk, berating himself for interrupting their dinner so brashly. His earlier boldness had }{\f1\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>evaporated. At least I took a chance, he tried to reassure himself. Better to be embarrassed than wonder what might have been<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 . He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d spent some time exploring the fall festival, the twinkling lights and lively music promising a good time. Now, it was time to face his fate.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s spirits lifted as he rounded the corner. The two women waited, their smiles a warm invitation. A smile spread across his face in response.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m so glad you\u8217\'92re here,\u8221\'94 he said, unable to hide his relief as he addressed both Maggie and Laura. \u8220\'93I was starting to get anxious. I checked out the festival; it looks amazing. Are you ladies ready?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Laura, as always, was Maggie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s biggest supporter. \u8220\'93You two have a great time! Text me when you\u8217\'92re ready to be picked up.\u8221\'94 She playfully nudged Maggie forward, then passed her off to Evan like a baton in a relay race.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Take good care of my girl,\u8221\'94 Laura called out as she retreated, leaving Evan and Maggie to embark on their date.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Thank you for giving me a chance,\u8221\'94 Evan said, his voice overflowing with sincerity and optimism. \u8220\'93I have a feeling Laura was cheerleading for me after I left.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Maggie smiled, a trace of apprehension still lingering in her eyes. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93She was definitely rooting for you. But before we head out, can we chat a bit?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Absolutely,\u8221\'94 Evan agreed. \u8220\'93I know a spot that\u8217\'92s just perfect for us.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 With an air of familiarity born from his recent exploration, Evan led Maggie towards a secluded bench facing the river, away from the festival\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s boisterous energy. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Will this work?\u8221\'94 he asked, gesturing towards the bench. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This is perfect,\u8221\'94 Maggie said, settling down with visible relief. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 She met his gaze, a last trace of skepticism clouding her eyes. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I wanted to ask you something, Evan. I want you to be honest. I give you credit for being creative if you made up that story, but I would like to know if it\u8217\'92s true.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 A shadow crossed Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face. In that brief pause, he recalled his promise to himself \endash  not to lie but simply omit his intentions to end the relationship in a year. He reflected on his story, the way he\u8217\'92d felt a cosmic pull towards Maggie. In that moment, a flash of conviction reassured him that there was truth in every detail of his description of the day\u8217\'92s events. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Honestly, I couldn\u8217\'92t make that up if I tried,\u8221\'94 he said earnestly. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s all true.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s not important,\u8221\'94 Maggie said, her curiosity evident. \u8220\'93But how old are you? I\u8217\'92m 26.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m 29.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 A genuine smile broke across Maggie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face. \u8220\'93I checked out your company\u8217\'92s website. You\u8217\'92ve achieved a lot for your age.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s smile was both grateful and a touch humble. \u8220\'93Thank you. I had a lot of help from a brilliant business partner, my sister, and a great team. I couldn\u8217\'92t have accomplished any of it without them.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Maggie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s impressed smile deepened. \u8220\'93It is impressive. I think getting to know each other better is a good idea. But I have to ask, why is a guy like you single?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan shrugged, a playful glint in his eyes. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not a fan of playing the dating game, especially first dates. And I\u8217\'92m no good at it. It\u8217\'92s like there are all these unwritten rules I don\u8217\'92t understand. But I\u8217\'92m pretty sure I\u8217\'92m about to break one.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 A trace of curiosity crossed Maggie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face. \u8220\'93Go for it!\u8221\'94 she encouraged. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 A shadow of something deeper, a fleeting vulnerability, crossed Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s features. Usually, he\u8217\'92d tuck away the painful echoes of his divorce, but with Maggie, some instinct told him there was space for honesty. It was time to put it out there, get it over with, and preserve the lighthearted tone he wanted for their date. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I know people aren\u8217\'92t supposed to talk about exes on their first date,\u8221\'94 he said, a hint of self-mockery in his tone. \u8220\'93But I want to be upfront with you from the start. I was married for several years and got divorced a little over a year ago. How bad of a first-date violation was that?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Maggie met his gaze with a reassuring warmth. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You have nothing to worry about with me. I despise first-date etiquette. I don\u8217\'92t understand why people can\u8217\'92t be authentic from the start.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan felt a surge of relief at her words, a sense of connection strengthening between them. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s good to hear. Ever since my divorce, I\u8217\'92ve been on a string of dates with no spark. It\u8217\'92s been rough. Even worse when friends set you up, and you feel obligated for a second date.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Maggie nodded sympathetically. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Believe me, I understand. I\u8217\'92ve had my fair share of online dating nightmares too. But honestly, my main issue is time. Between culinary school and work, I\u8217\'92m swamped.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 She sighed, a mix of resignation and anticipation in her voice. Even though she liked Evan, she was sure her hectic schedule would be a deal-breaker. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I go to culinary school five days a week in the morning, and I work as a line cook six, sometimes seven nights a week. My only free time is a few hours in the afternoon and sometimes on Sundays.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s smile conveyed genuine admiration. \u8220\'93I think that\u8217\'92s great! I admire people who work hard to better their lives.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Maggie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s voice held a mix of resignation and vulnerability as she spoke. \u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s very kind of you to say. Evan, you\u8217\'92re incredibly charming, and I like you. But I think our time together is going to be limited to tonight. I\u8217\'92ll understand if you don\u8217\'92t want to go to the festival together.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 A hint of uncertainty crossed Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face. Was she gently letting him down, or was there something more behind her words? \u8220\'93Please be candid \endash  no need to spare my feelings. If you didn\u8217\'92t have such a busy schedule, would you be interested in exploring a relationship with me?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Maggie met his gaze, her own eyes reflecting an internal struggle. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t misunderstand me, Evan. I think you\u8217\'92re great, and I\u8217\'92d jump at the chance to see where this might go. But that\u8217\'92s exactly what frightens me. I\u8217\'92ve been dumped by a boyfriend who complained I didn\u8217\'92t see him enough. I don\u8217\'92t want to get too attached and then have that happen again.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan felt a pang of understanding. Instead of dwelling on the past, a memory of his first date with Sarah sprang to mind, bringing a smile to his lips. He vividly recalled Sarah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s unconventional approach, her desire for transparency and practicality\u8230\'85 traits he saw mirrored in Maggie. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I remember this one date during my college years,\u8221\'94 he began, a nostalgic gleam in his eyes. \u8220\'93It was pretty out of the ordinary. She was a busy business major, and we had a spark. Instead of the usual dating dance, she suggested we just start a relationship right there and then. It was like we were negotiating a business partnership.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Maggie couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t stifle a giggle. \u8220\'93Talk about breaking first-date rules!\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I know, right?\u8221\'94 Evan grinned in response. \u8220\'93But it was great! She did a good job of laying out all the expectations upfront. She told me what she had to offer and what she expected from me and then opened it up for discussion. I know it sounds unromantic, but it felt the opposite. I was pleasantly surprised, to say the least.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 A thoughtful expression crossed Maggie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face before, at first, she chuckled. Then, as if a light bulb switched on, she met his gaze with newfound understanding. \u8220\'93Seriously? That\u8217\'92s amusing yet fascinating. Are you suggesting we take a similar approach?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s heart skipped a beat with excitement, relief washing over him as he saw her enthusiasm light up her face. \u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s precisely what I\u8217\'92m suggesting!\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Maggie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s optimism wavered, replaced by a hint of resignation. \u8220\'93I absolutely love the idea of leapfrogging the dating game. But how could we make it work with my schedule and you living an hour away?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan, the strategist in him coming alive, saw Maggie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s concerns as cosmic validation. Everything she mentioned aligned perfectly with Liz\u8217\'92s relationship rules. He couldn\u8217\'92t help but view her hectic life and distance as convenient, not problematic. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Your schedule may not be as big of an obstacle as you think,\u8221\'94 he said with a reassuring smile. \u8220\'93I have a busy schedule too, and I often travel for my foundation. Since we\u8217\'92re both on the go, neither of us will have room to complain about limited time together. Plus,\u8221\'94 he added with a wink, \u8220\'93there\u8217\'92s a silver lining to seeing each other less often.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Intrigued, Maggie tilted her head. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A silver lining?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Absolutely! If we always leave each other wanting more, think how excited we\u8217\'92ll be every time we see each other. Isn\u8217\'92t that what matters most in a relationship, that feeling of anticipation?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Maggie couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t help but smile at Evan\u8217\'92s infectious enthusiasm. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve got to say, I never thought about it like that. I like the way you think. But even if we can get past that, I have another huge concern.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan leaned forward, fully engaged in his problem-solving mission. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m sure we can find a solution. What\u8217\'92s the concern?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 A trace of vulnerability crossed Maggie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face. Years of financial struggle had left their mark. \u8220\'93Based on what I saw online, I think it\u8217\'92s safe to assume you\u8217\'92re successful. Unfortunately, I have an issue with money.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s the issue?\u8221\'94 Evan asked gently. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Maggie sighed, a mix of self-deprecation and weariness in her voice. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93My issue is, I don\u8217\'92t have any. I barely get by working six days a week, and just thinking about money stresses me out. Last year, I dated a guy with money. It didn\u8217\'92t work out.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93May I ask why?\u8221\'94 Evan asked sincerely. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Maggie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s voice held a tinge of bitterness as she recounted her experience. \u8220\'93He loved taking me to fancy restaurants. The thought of how much he was spending made me cringe. I\u8217\'92d look the other way when the check came, but that annoyed him. One night, he made a point of showing me the bill. Evan, the overpriced wine and gourmet food cost more than my electric bill for several months. I couldn\u8217\'92t even enjoy the food every date after that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan rolled his eyes, an unspoken understanding passing between them. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Flaunting his wealth, I know the type.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Maggie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s frustration continued to bubble beneath the surface. \u8220\'93It wasn\u8217\'92t even just the money. He didn\u8217\'92t like the way I dressed. He\u8217\'92d shower me with gifts \endash  designer clothes, shoes, things I\u8217\'92d never wear. I asked him to stop, but he ignored me. So, I started returning what I could for cash to pay bills. Anything I couldn\u8217\'92t return, I gave to Laura. She was getting more out of that relationship than I was. When he found out what I was doing, he dumped me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That guy was a jerk,\u8221\'94 Evan said, his voice laced with sincerity. \u8220\'93A woman should wear what makes her feel comfortable, not what some man dictates. Giving a thoughtful gift is one thing, but repeatedly offering unwanted presents \endash  that crosses a line.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Maggie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s tense shoulders relaxed a fraction. She gave him a grateful smile, sensing a genuine kindness beneath his polished demeanor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But,\u8221\'94 Evan continued thoughtfully, \u8220\'93being a culinary student, wouldn\u8217\'92t you enjoy exploring all types of restaurants \endash  even expensive ones? I love a fine dining experience as much as a good, old-fashioned hotdog joint.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Maggie tilted her head, considering. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well...I suppose. But when you\u8217\'92re always broke, fine dining feels like a frivolous waste of money.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So, if money wasn\u8217\'92t an issue,\u8221\'94 Evan probed, \u8220\'93would you enjoy occasionally going to nicer restaurants, or would you consider that, like your ex\u8217\'92s gifts, an unwelcome gesture?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If money were no object,\u8221\'94 Maggie admitted, \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92d love to try everything. I plan to get a job at a high-end restaurant after graduation. They\u8217\'92ll pay me more, which means I can start saving to make my ultimate dream come true.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And that is?\u8221\'94 Evan leaned in, his curiosity piqued.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 A spark of excitement lit up Maggie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes. \u8220\'93I want to own an Irish pub one day. A down-to-earth place where regular folks can get good food at an affordable price.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I love that idea!\u8221\'94 Evan exclaimed. \u8220\'93Most pubs around town rely on deep-fried everything.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Maggie beamed at his enthusiasm. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Exactly! I\u8217\'92d serve fresh comfort food, the kind that makes you feel at home.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92d be a regular!\u8221\'94 Evan said with a grin. \u8220\'93And I have a great idea that might resolve all your concerns.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Maggie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyebrows shot up in intrigue. \u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t see how, but lay it on me!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s heart soared with a mix of genuine enthusiasm and a touch of self-satisfaction. This was working out even better than he\u8217\'92d anticipated. Maggie\u8217\'92s tight schedule, her geographical distance \endash  these were not obstacles but perfect pieces falling into place for his new relationship strategy. He felt a pang of guilt, quickly pushed aside by a wave of optimism. He would make Maggie\u8217\'92s life better, at least for now. It was a win-win.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Here\u8217\'92s what I propose.\u8221\'94 His problem-solving mind kicked into gear. \u8220\'93My schedule\u8217\'92s flexible when I\u8217\'92m not traveling. Since you\u8217\'92re mostly free in the afternoons, that\u8217\'92s when we\u8217\'92ll hang out. I\u8217\'92ve always wanted to learn how to cook, so how about this? You teach me, and I\u8217\'92ll handle the groceries \endash  the expensive stuff. You provide the kitchen and basics. We can spend time at your place, whip up something delicious, watch movies, whatever fun we can fit in between school and work. How does that sound?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Maggie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face held a mix of hope and skepticism. \u8220\'93It sounds too good to be true. You\u8217\'92d really drive all the way out here just to hang out for a few hours?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Absolutely!\u8221\'94 Evan couldn\u8217\'92t contain his excitement. \u8220\'93Although I\u8217\'92m hoping to squeeze in a few Sundays here and there. I also have an idea about expanding your culinary horizons\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Maggie leaned forward, intrigued. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Let\u8217\'92s hear it!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s grin widened. \u8220\'93How about we make it a point to try out a new restaurant together? Once a week, or whenever we can manage. We take turns picking \endash  sometimes I\u8217\'92ll go upscale, sometimes casual. As for your money concerns...\u8221\'94 Evan paused, gauging her reaction, \u8220\'93...well, that\u8217\'92s where I\u8217\'92m the opposite of you. I don\u8217\'92t stress about money.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Maggie's eyebrows arched, her tone teasing yet candid. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s because you have it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s smile turned thoughtful. \u8220\'93True, but it wasn\u8217\'92t always like that. I grew up with a single mom who worked two jobs to keep a roof over our heads. I learned pretty quickly that happiness wasn\u8217\'92t about a bank account.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Maggie felt a surge of warmth. Hearing about Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s past struggles touched something deep within her, a shared echo of her own childhood. Her skepticism began to ebb.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I understand that,\u8221\'94 Maggie said softly, \u8220\'93But it\u8217\'92s different when you have bills piling up.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan leaned forward, his eyes earnest. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Of course. But if you\u8217\'92re in a relationship where the other person gets your struggles, and is happy to help out, it seems like a wasted opportunity not to enjoy the experience, don\u8217\'92t you think?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Maggie paused, wrestling with an unfamiliar feeling \endash  hope. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know, Evan. You might not fully grasp just how deep my aversion to money runs.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t help a playful grin. \u8220\'93Well, since I\u8217\'92m already breaking first-date rules, I might as well channel my sister. She\u8217\'92d probably say, \u8216\'91Get over it!\u8217\'92\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Maggie laughed, surprised by the lightness in her chest. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You really do suck at first dates!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Told ya!\u8221\'94 Evan laughed along, a sense of relief washing over him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Your sister sounds like Laura,\u8221\'94 Maggie mused. \u8220\'93But you know, I see where you guys are coming from.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s heart skipped a beat. Was she actually considering this? \u8220\'93Does that mean you\u8217\'92re willing to give it a shot?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Maggie, with a hint of wonder in her own voice, surprised them both. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I can\u8217\'92t believe I\u8217\'92m saying this, but I\u8217\'92d love to.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yay!\u8221\'94 Evan exclaimed, high-fiving an equally excited Maggie.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Maggie, sensing a newfound connection, smiled. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You know, Evan, I think this is going to be fun. I\u8217\'92m not quite sure who to thank \endash  you, Laura, your sister, or even that college date of yours.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 A playful tone lingering in her voice, Maggie asked curiously, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Speaking of her, whatever happened to the college girl?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 The question hung in the air, and Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s vibrant energy deflated like a punctured balloon. After a weighty pause, a somber note crept into his voice. \u8220\'93I married her.\u8221\'94 With those words, he rose from the bench, drawn to the river\u8217\'92s edge. He stood there, gazing at the water, lost in the painful echoes of his past. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Maggie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s heart ached. Regret washed over her for inadvertently stirring up painful memories. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m so sorry, Evan. That was insensitive of me.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 He turned, a forced smile masking his lingering pain. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s okay, Maggie. I\u8217\'92ll get past it. I always do.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Maggie felt a surge of compassion. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You look like you could use a hug.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 She approached him and enveloped him in a warm, comforting embrace. His initial stiffness melted as he surrendered to the simple act of kindness. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Wordlessly acknowledging the unspoken hurt, Maggie murmured, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93She broke your heart, didn\u8217\'92t she? That\u8217\'92s the real reason you\u8217\'92re single.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan hesitated, the vulnerability of the moment at odds with his instinct to conceal his pain. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Maggie, I\u8217\'92m not good at talking about this...\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Maggie gently tilted his head to meet her gaze. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Maybe this is where it\u8217\'92s your turn to compromise. Keeping all that pain bottled up inside\u8230\'85 that can be toxic for a new relationship.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan recalled his sister\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s similar plea. \u8220\'93Liz is always telling me it\u8217\'92s unhealthy to suppress my feelings about the divorce.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Maybe you should listen to her,\u8221\'94 Maggie urged softly. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Something in Maggie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s unwavering kindness unlocked a tightly guarded part of Evan. He usually fought to keep these emotions at bay, but a torrent of words now seemed to push past his inner resistance. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You know what I miss the most, Maggie? The intimacy. I don\u8217\'92t mean the physical stuff \endash  that\u8217\'92s easy. I mean the everyday things\u8230\'85 the touch, the closeness, the way a shared glance can make you feel understood. That kind of connection, it has to be genuine.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Tears welled up in Maggie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes as she felt the depth of his loneliness. A lump formed in her throat, mirroring his unspoken heartache. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 His voice grew softer, laced with a deep ache for something that felt forever lost. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The hardest part of being alone isn\u8217\'92t the solitude. It\u8217\'92s knowing there\u8217\'92s no one there when all I need is a hand to hold, a kiss, someone whose thoughts echo my own. I haven\u8217\'92t felt that in so long\u8230\'85 I feel so broken.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 The final word hung in the air, choked out as he valiantly fought back tears. Maggie couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t. Her tears spilled freely as she pulled him into another gentle, wordless embrace. <!$Scr_Ps::0>}}