{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Small;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red145\green145\blue145;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs26\strike\strikec0\cf4\fi-2809\li4047\lin4047}
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{circle\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9702\'3F;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs26\strike\strikec0\cf4\fi-2809\li8091\lin8091}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx180\tx540\li540\fi-375\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\strike\strikec0\cf4 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\strike\strikec0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>Laura hands off Maggie to Evan}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\strike\strikec0\cf4 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\strike\strikec0\cf4 I have in issue with money \endash  I don't have any}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\strike\strikec0\cf4 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\strike\strikec0\cf4 Maggie says she won't be upset, and she gives him credit for his creative story \endash  but she wants to know if it was true or not \endash  Evan assures her it was true}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\strike\strikec0\cf4 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\strike\strikec0\cf4 he confides in her that he's "damaged goods" after his divorce}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\strike\strikec0\cf4 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\strike\strikec0\cf4 he calls out Maggie on her money issues. Calling her selfish for letting that impact the relationship if the man wants to pay for dinner at a nice restaurant}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\strike\strikec0\cf4 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\strike\strikec0\cf4 what are you a psychologist? No what my sister practically is and she taught me everything}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\strike\strikec0\cf4 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\strike\strikec0\cf4 Evan confides that he misses intimacy more than sex}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\strike\strikec0\cf4 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\strike\strikec0\cf4 Evan comes up with a plan to overcome Maggie's concerns}
\par\pard\plain \tx720\tx1080\li1080\fi-375\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl1{\listtext	\f0\fs26\strike\strikec0\cf4 \uc0\u9702 	}{\f0\fs26\strike\strikec0\cf4 We can meet in the afternoon because I work for myself Liz sets my schedule but shall set whatever I need}
\par\plain \ilvl1{\listtext	\f0\fs26\strike\strikec0\cf4 \uc0\u9702 	}{\f0\fs26\strike\strikec0\cf4 you can teach me how to cook I'll buy the ingredients and you provide the kitchen}
\par\plain \ilvl1{\listtext	\f0\fs26\strike\strikec0\cf4 \uc0\u9702 	}{\f0\fs26\strike\strikec0\cf4 will try to go out for dinner once a week. We take turns picking which restaurant to go to, and I'm happy to treat either way.}
\par\plain \ilvl1{\listtext	\f0\fs26\strike\strikec0\cf4 \uc0\u9702 	}{\f0\fs26\strike\strikec0\cf4 I travel a lot to so it won't be a problem}
\par\plain \ilvl1{\listtext	\f0\fs26\strike\strikec0\cf4 \uc0\u9702 	}{\f0\fs26\strike\strikec0\cf4 It's good to not see each other too much because then it makes it all the better we do see each other}
\par\pard\plain \tx180\tx540\li540\fi-375\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\strike\strikec0\cf4 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\strike\strikec0\cf4 Don't you want to eat at nice restaurants and experience for your culinary pursuits?}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\strike\strikec0\cf4 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\strike\strikec0\cf4 Are you a Psychologist - No My sister practically is}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\strike\strikec0\cf4 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\strike\strikec0\cf4 Evan is not good at dating \endash  he tells Maggie \endash  it all feels so fake. It's like you pretend to be someone you're not until you've established a relationship, and then you gradually show the other person who you really are. I can stand that process. I'd rather just be me and them just be them right from the start.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\strike\strikec0\cf4 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\strike\strikec0\cf4 I'm pretty sure I'm breaking first date rules}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\strike\strikec0\cf4 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\strike\strikec0\cf4 Maggie's past problems with wealthy boyfriend}
\par\pard\plain \tx720\tx1080\li1080\fi-375\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl1{\listtext	\f0\fs26\strike\strikec0\cf4 \uc0\u9702 	}{\f0\fs26\strike\strikec0\cf4 He would buy me expensive clothes even though I asked her not to. So I ended up returning what I could for money to pay my bills or gave it to my roommate if I couldn't get a refund or store credit. }
\par\plain \ilvl1{\listtext	\f0\fs26\strike\strikec0\cf4 \uc0\u9702 	}{\f0\fs26\strike\strikec0\cf4 He got pissed and broke up with me.}
\par\plain \ilvl1{\listtext	\f0\fs26\strike\strikec0\cf4 \uc0\u9702 	}{\f0\fs26\strike\strikec0\cf4 He always take me to nice restaurants and I did my best not to see what the cost was, until one time you sort of force the receipt in front of me and I almost had a heart attack how much it cost. That could have a paid the electric bill for three months<!$Scr_Cs::0>}}