{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa160\sl259\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs22\b0\i0 Seated sideways, Sarah Wilkins tries to escape Evan's distressed gaze, focusing instead on the storm brewing over the city. In her hands, she turns a simple pendant, a stark contrast to her usual sophisticated jewelry, but imbued with deep significance. It was a first-date gift from Evan, now serving as both a talisman and a source of comfort amidst the turmoil of their divorce. Today, more than ever, it represents both her doubts and her longing for reassurance.}
\par\plain \f0\fs22\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs22\b0\i0 Her attire today is a deliberate step away from her typical professional guise; her wavy blonde hair flows freely, and contacts replace her usual glasses, signaling a departure from the norm. This choice reflects her internal conflict: the professional path she's always been certain about versus the personal happiness she found, and lost, with Evan.}
\par\plain \f0\fs22\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs22\b0\i0 As the meeting progresses, Sarah is lost in thought, regretting not just the hurt she's causing Evan but also wondering if her initial decision to marry him was a mistake. Perhaps, she muses, sticking to her career aspirations would have spared them both this pain. Yet, even as she contemplates this, she knows it's not just about avoiding pain; it's about the truth of their mismatched paths.}
\par\plain \f0\fs22\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs22\b0\i0 Sarah senses Evan's glare but can't bring herself to meet his eyes. His usually joyful demeanor, now shadowed by this ordeal, makes the thought of witnessing his pain unbearable. She's always known Evan as a beacon of positivity, his anger, a foreign concept to her. The thought of seeing disappointment or resentment in his gaze is more frightening than any confrontation.}
\par\plain \f0\fs22\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs22\b0\i0 In her peripheral vision, Sarah notices Liz, Evan's sister, reviewing the documents that symbolize the end of her and Evan's shared endeavors. Liz's understanding smile, even in this moment, is a small comfort. It reminds Sarah that Liz, too, understands the inevitability of their separation, despite the pain it causes.}
\par\plain \f0\fs22\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs22\b0\i0 The scene closes with Liz gently interrupting the heavy atmosphere, seeking Evan's final approval on the document that will officially end his and Sarah's partnership in more ways than one. "Evan, everything looks alright to me, can you please double-check? I want to make sure it meets your expectations and that I didn't overlook anything," Liz's words not only serve as a call to action but also as a bridge back to reality, pulling both Sarah and Evan from their reveries.}
\par\plain \f0\fs22\b0\i0}