{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}{\f3\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f5\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Bold;}{\f6\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 MS Sans Serif;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red170\green64\blue101;\red186\green124\blue93;\red76\green76\blue76;\red139\green93\blue0;\red0\green135\blue216;\red110\green161\blue80;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs22\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0>Scene Components:<!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf6 <!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 After all the paperwork had been signed by Evan, Sarah, and Liz, Sarah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s senior attorney, and Evan\u8217\'92s attorney shook hands in a show of equal respect. Sarah\u8217\'92s senior attorney said a few words to her, shook her hand, and left the conference room. Evan\u8217\'92s attorney asked Evan to step out of the room because he wanted to offer Evan some advice before he returned to the conference room to meet with Sarah alone. With the attorneys and Evan out of the conference room, Sarah and Liz were left alone.}
\par\plain {\f5\fs26\b1\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::2>Sarah<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::3>(feeling shame):<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::4> \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You don\u8217\'92t hate me, do you?\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::4>}
\par\plain {\f5\fs26\b1\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::2>Liz:<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::4> \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why would I hate you, Sarah?\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::4>}
\par\plain {\f5\fs26\b1\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::2>Sarah:<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::4> \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s just... knowing how close you and Evan are, and him being so hurt\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::4>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::3>[Sarah sighed deeply.]<!$Scr_Cs::3>}
\par\plain {\f5\fs26\b1\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::2>Sarah:<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::4> \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I never wanted to hurt him. You understand why I had to do this, right?\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::4>}
\par\plain {\f5\fs26\b1\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::2>Liz<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::3>(Understanding and Compassionate)<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 :}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::4> \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, I understand, and no, I don\u8217\'92t hate you.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::4>}
\par\plain {\f5\fs26\b1\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::2>Sarah<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::3> (self-pitying):<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::4> \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I bet everyone in the office is bad-mouthing me. They probably think I\u8217\'92m the worst.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::4>}
\par\plain {\f5\fs26\b1\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::2>Liz<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::3>(compassionate but realistic):<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::4> \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Evan tries to put on a brave face, but they can see he is struggling with the divorce\u8221\'94 <!$Scr_Cs::4>}{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::3>(Liz explained) <!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::4>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s hard for them not to take sides.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::4>}
\par\plain {\f5\fs26\b1\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::2>Sarah<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::3>(defensive):<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::4> \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They never liked me, even before I left.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::4>}
\par\plain {\f5\fs26\b1\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::2>Liz<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::3> (gently):<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::4> \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They just don\u8217\'92t know you like Evan and I do. If they got to know you, they would feel differently.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::4>}
\par\plain {\f5\fs26\b1\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::2>Sarah<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::3> (reflective):<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::4> \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I regret the pain I\u8217\'92ve caused Evan. Sometimes, I wonder if rejecting his proposal would have spared us both.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::4>}
\par\plain {\f5\fs26\b1\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::2>Liz<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::3> (wisely):<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::4> \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You can\u8217\'92t dwell on the past, Sarah. Think of the good that came from your marriage\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::4>}
\par\plain {\f5\fs26\b1\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::2>Sarah<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::3>(inquiring):<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::4> \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Good?\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::4>}
\par\plain {\f5\fs26\b1\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::2>Liz<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::3>(earnestly):<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::4> \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You were the brain behind The Vaughn Group\u8217\'92s success, Sarah. Plus, your philanthropic work back in college was the spark for Evan\u8217\'92s nonprofit journey. A spark that became his passion that led to The Vaughn Foundation and the great work they do. You\u8217\'92ve had an incredible impact on both Evan and the community.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::4>}
\par\plain {\f5\fs26\b1\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::2>Sarah<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::3>(modestly)<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 :}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::4> \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Evan\u8217\'92s brought a lot to the table too. Even beyond his work at the foundation, he\u8217\'92s been amazing with the business. His knack for managing projects and leading teams, and his way with clients? I couldn\u8217\'92t match that.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::4>}
\par\plain {\f5\fs26\b1\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::2>Liz<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::5>:<!$Scr_Cs::5>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::4> \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93True, but the business side of things? Making the company profitable is where you shined. He\u8217\'92ll miss your expertise, but don\u8217\'92t worry; he\u8217\'92ll manage.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::4>}
\par\plain {\f5\fs26\b1\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::2>Sarah<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::3>(concerned):<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::4> \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m worried about Evan. He doesn\u8217\'92t even know how to file taxes. I don\u8217\'92t think he\u8217\'92s ever written a check. He\u8217\'92s actually good with numbers but has no interest or experience in managing finances. On top of that, he doesn\u8217\'92t even care about money. I\u8217\'92m worried he\u8217\'92ll go bankrupt within a year.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::4>}
\par\plain {\f5\fs26\b1\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::2>Liz<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::3>(reassuringly):<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::4> \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Please don\u8217\'92t worry. Evan is not a big spender, and I\u8217\'92ve already been working with him on these issues. He\u8217\'92ll learn what he needs to learn.\u8221\'94 <!$Scr_Cs::4>}
\par\plain {\f5\fs26\b1\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::2>Sarah<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::3>(grateful):<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::4> \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Thank you, Liz. Promise me you\u8217\'92ll reach out if there\u8217\'92s anything you need to know. I worry about him.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::4>}
\par\plain {\f5\fs26\b1\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::2>Liz<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::3>(a warm chuckle):<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::4> \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sarah, I\u8217\'92ve been looking out for Evan since we were kids. I\u8217\'92m not going to stop now.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::4>}
\par\plain {\f5\fs26\b1\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::2>Sarah<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::3>(admiringly):<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::4> \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93One thing I learned over the past few years is that a leopard cannot change its spots. I am who I am. But if I could be like anyone else in this world, I would want to be like you. You\u8217\'92re the most amazing woman I\u8217\'92ve ever met.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::4>}
\par\plain {\f5\fs26\b1\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::2>Liz<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::3> (touched):<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::4> \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That means a lot, Sarah. And for what it\u8217\'92s worth, I think you\u8217\'92re pretty great too.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::4>}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b0\i1\cf5 <$Scr_Ps::6>[ The scene ends while Sarah and Liz embrace. Note, the next scene will begin while there in the middle of their embrace. Write the ending the narrative for the scene. ]<!$Scr_Ps::6>}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f6\fs18\b0\i0}