{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan, grappling with the aftermath of Sarah's request for divorce, found himself at a crossroads. Deeply enamored, he had always seen Sarah as his life's great love. One aspect that set their relationship apart, revealed early in Books 1 and 2, was Evan's aversion to traditional dating. Sarah, sharing his sentiments, had effortlessly synchronized with him, bypassing conventional dating rituals to forge a unique bond from the outset.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 In Book 2, Evan, nudged by friends and family, hesitantly ventures into the dating scene. He tries online platforms and blind dates, but his heart remains anchored to the past. The women he meets are pleasant, yet none can eclipse the lingering pain of his divorce. Convinced that he had already experienced his once-in-a-lifetime love, Evan sees no point in pursuing relationships doomed to fizzle out in disappointment.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Desiring companionship but disillusioned with the concept of enduring love, Evan develops a theory: most romantic relationships hit their zenith in the first year, only to decline into complacency, conflict, and eventual breakup. Keen to avoid such pitfalls, he devises a novel approach to dating.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan's plan is simple yet unconventional: find a compatible woman and enter a relationship with her for a year, ensuring the relationship remains vibrant and ends on a high note before any decline sets in. While he can't divulge his true intentions, fearing it would deter potential partners, he resolves to be the epitome of an ideal boyfriend during that year. This way, he reasons, they both enjoy a fulfilling relationship without the prolonged agony of an inevitable breakup. Evan's strategy, born from a blend of pragmatism and a desire to evade heartache, underpins the "Love, Annually" concept\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 seeking joy in the moment, yet aware of its transient nature.}}