{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Hello,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 For the past few years, I've been dedicated to writing a book series titled \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Love, Annually." Although I'm not a professional author, I've invested significant effort into crafting a well-thought-out story. The series, encompassing three books, has been extensively planned, with detailed notes and summaries for the majority of scenes and chapters.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 I began using ChatGPT in August last year to assist in writing the first book of the series. Although it's technically a trilogy, I don't view it in the traditional sense. The books are currently untitled, referred to simply as Book 1, 2, and 3.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 The series' core concept, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Love, Annually," is introduced in Book 2, which I consider the primary entry point for readers. My recommendation is to start with Book 2, followed by Book 3, the sequel. Book 1 serves as optional backstory, enriching the narrative for those curious about certain aspects not fully explored in the latter books.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 The creation of Book 1 was primarily an exercise to hone my writing skills. I found that my investment in Books 2 and 3 led to perfectionism and frustration due to my initial writing abilities. However, with the support of ChatGPT and a writing coach, I have significantly improved and completed the first draft of Book 1.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Rather than proceeding to the second draft of Book 1, I've decided to focus on the main books. The series comprises over 300 scenes, which I plan to tackle methodically, scene by scene, with your help. While my current approach is chronological due to the detailed development of each scene, I'm open to adapting my strategy to maintain interest and engagement.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Having taken a break since September 2023, I'm curious about any major updates or upgrades to ChatGPT 4 since then. Could you provide me with this information?}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Here are some brief summaries for the main characters that I pulled from book one.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0}