{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Bold;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}{\f5\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red186\green124\blue93;\red139\green93\blue0;\red0\green108\blue175;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1><$Scr_Ps::0>[ Normally when introducing a new location into a scene, I provide a detailed description. However, in this case I\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92m not doing that because I\u8217\'92m saving that for a scene where Chloe first enters Evan\u8217\'92s house. ]<!$Scr_Cs::1><!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sl120\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs26\b0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0 Maggie and Evan arrived at Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s home in Highland Park. They entered through the front door.<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl120\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f2\fs30\b1\i0\cf5
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs30\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Maggie}{\f3\fs26\b1\i0\cf5  <!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::4>(As soon as she got inside, Maggie took off her shoes angrily): <!$Scr_Cs::4>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I am never wearing those damn shoes again!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs30\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f3\fs26\b1\i0\cf5  }{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::4>(Ever attentive and being a gracious host): <!$Scr_Cs::4>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I have something for your feet. Have a seat in the recliner while I get you something to drink.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs30\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Maggie}{\f3\fs26\b1\i0\cf5  <!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::4>(Sincere and curious): <!$Scr_Cs::4>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You have a nice place, Evan. Do you have any roommates?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs30\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f3\fs26\b1\i0\cf5  }{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::4>(Looking through his cabinets and fridge): <!$Scr_Cs::4>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Nope. It\u8217\'92s just me. What will you have? I\u8217\'92ve got beer, wine, whiskey, and rum.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs30\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Maggie}{\f3\fs26\b1\i0\cf5  <!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::4>(Playfully answering Evan\loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8217\'92s question): <!$Scr_Cs::4>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll answer the way my father does when asked this question.\u8221\'94 }{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::4>( Mimicking her father\loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8217\'92s thick Irish accent, Maggie quoted her father\u8217\'92s rhyme)<!$Scr_Cs::4><!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \sl264\slmult1\qc\ltrch\loch {\f5\fs26\b0\i1 Some may choose wine\line But it\loch\af5\hich\af5\dbch\af5\uc1\u8217\'92s not a favorite of mine\line I prefer life a bit more risky\line Grab a glass and pour me some whiskey<!$Scr_Ps::5><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6
\par\plain {\f2\fs30\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f3\fs26\b1\i0\cf5  }{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::4>(Laughing out loud):<!$Scr_Cs::4>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I love it! I\u8217\'92m normally a Jack and Coke man. But for you, I\u8217\'92ll break out the good stuff. How do you take yours?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs30\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Maggie<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::4>: <!$Scr_Cs::4>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Neat, please.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sl120\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0>[ Evan brought Maggie her drink, put a footstool on the floor in front of her. ]<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sl120\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs30\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1><$Scr_Ps::3>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f3\fs26\b1\i0\cf5  }{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::4>(<!$Scr_Cs::4>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 disappearing into his bedroom.}{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::4>): <!$Scr_Cs::4>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll be right back,\u8221\'94 <!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sl120\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan returned to the family room carrying a footbath. He was now jacketless, tieless, and he had unbuttoned a few top shirt buttons with his sleeves rolled up. Evan placed the footbath on the floor in front of Maggie and sat on the footstool.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl120\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::3><!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs30\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f3\fs26\b1\i0\cf5  }{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::4>(Instructional, reverting back to his personal trainer days): <!$Scr_Cs::4>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Let me look at those feet. I see a few hot spots but no blisters yet. Put your feet in the water. It might sting a little bit at first, but I put some special powder in there that will cool your feet almost instantly.\u8221\'94 }
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl120\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Maggie placed her foot into the footbath. She felt the sting Evan had mentioned but then felt the soothing effects of the foot powder.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl120\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs30\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Maggie}{\f3\fs26\b1\i0\cf5  <!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::4>(<!$Scr_Cs::4>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 sighed in relief}{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::4>): <!$Scr_Cs::4>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh my God, that feels so good.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs30\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f3\fs26\b1\i0\cf5  }{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::4>(Informative): <!$Scr_Cs::4>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I used to be a personal trainer in college, and I\u8217\'92m an avid runner and hiker. I can\u8217\'92t tell you how much pain this powder has spared my clients and me.\u8221\'94 <!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sl120\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Maggie and Evan talked while Maggie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s feet soaked. After about 15 minutes, Evan went to get a towel from the closet. He wrapped Maggie\u8217\'92s feet in the towel and asked her to recline the chair. Evan then used the towel to dry her feet thoroughly. He put some foot lotion in his hands and rubbed them together before giving Maggie a foot massage.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl120\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs30\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Maggie}{\f3\fs26\b1\i0\cf5  <!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::4>(Feeling like a burden): <!$Scr_Cs::4>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You don\u8217\'92t have to do that. You\u8217\'92ve already done so much. My feet feel a lot better.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f2\fs30\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f3\fs26\b1\i0\cf5  }{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::4>(Reassuring, then testing the water to see how he would feel using the word boyfriend and girlfriend, and wanting to gauge Maggie\loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8217\'92s response.): <!$Scr_Cs::4>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t mind. Besides, what kind of boyfriend would I be if I didn\u8217\'92t take care of my girlfriend\u8217\'92s sore feet?\u8221\'94 asked Evan.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs30\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Maggie}{\f3\fs26\b1\i0\cf5  <!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::4>(Playful in tone, but serious in context. She wanted to know where Evan stood on the relationship without making it feel like a serious conversation.): <!$Scr_Cs::4>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is that what I am, Evan, your girlfriend?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs30\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f3\fs26\b1\i0\cf5  }{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::4>(Genuine): <!$Scr_Cs::4>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know. I guess I just wanted to hear what it sounded like when I said it out loud. I\u8217\'92d like it to be that way.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs30\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Maggie}{\f3\fs26\b1\i0\cf5  <!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::4>(Sincerely expressing her fear and unreadiness.): <!$Scr_Cs::4>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I just don\u8217\'92t think I\u8217\'92m ready. This is all so new and unexpected. It\u8217\'92s not that I want to see anybody else. I don\u8217\'92t. I\u8217\'92m just nervous about applying any labels to our relationship at this point.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs30\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f3\fs26\b1\i0\cf5  }{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::4>(Sincerely understanding): <!$Scr_Cs::4>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I understand.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl120\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Maggie and Evan continued to chat while he massaged her feet.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sl120\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs30\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1><$Scr_Ps::3>Evan}{\f3\fs26\b1\i0\cf5  <!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::4>(): <!$Scr_Cs::4>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93When I\u8217\'92m done here, do you want to watch TV?\u8221\'94 asked Evan.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs30\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Maggie<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f3\fs26\b1\i0\cf5  }{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::4>(): <!$Scr_Cs::4>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sure! What did you want to watch?\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl120\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs30\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1><$Scr_Ps::3>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f3\fs26\b1\i0\cf5  }{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::4>(): <!$Scr_Cs::4>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Since we started cooking lessons, I found myself binge-watching a show about America\u8217\'92s worst cooks. I\u8217\'92m down to the last couple of episodes. Do you want to watch those with me?\u8221\'94 asked Evan.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs30\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Maggie}{\f3\fs26\b1\i0\cf5  <!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::4>(): <!$Scr_Cs::4>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That sounds great!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs30\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Maggie}{\f3\fs26\b1\i0\cf5  <!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::4>(Upon the completion of the foot massage): <!$Scr_Cs::4>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I like to get changed. You said you could find something for me to where?<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan gestured towards the dining room table where a carefully arranged stack of clothes awaited. The assortment included women\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s pajamas, cozy sweats, a warm sweatshirt, and tennis shoes, all precisely folded to showcase the thoughtfulness behind them. Atop the shoes, a note addressed to \u8220\'93Maggie\u8221\'94 showcased elegant handwriting, symbolizing a personal touch to the thoughtful gesture.<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs30\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Maggie}{\f3\fs26\b1\i0\cf5  <!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::4>(A bit taken aback, finding Evan\loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8217\'92s gesture presumptuous. Her voice, slightly offended): <!$Scr_Cs::4>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, apparently you had this whole night planned out. Pretty sure of yourself aren\u8217\'92t you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs30\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f3\fs26\b1\i0\cf5  }{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::4>(chuckled at Maggie\loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8217\'92s misunderstanding): <!$Scr_Cs::4>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Nah. }{\f0\fs30\cf1 I had always planned to take you home after the play. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93 }{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::4>(Voice turning soft and sincere)<!$Scr_Cs::4>}{\f0\fs30\cf1  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But after our picnic date went so well, I knew I wanted to spend as much time with you as possible. Remember the text I sent outside my office building.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs30\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs30\cf1 Maggie nodded. She wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t ready to speak yet. She was still in the process of determining if she had misunderstood and overreacted.}
\par\plain \f0\fs30\cf1
\par\plain {\f2\fs30\b1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs30\cf1  }{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::4>(Continued Earnestly):<!$Scr_Cs::4>}{\f0\fs30\cf1  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I noticed that you and Liz are about the same size, so I texted her, asking her to bring you something comfortable to wear.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs30\cf1
\par\plain {\f2\fs30\b1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Maggie<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs30\cf1  }{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::4>(now realizing she had misjudged the moment):<!$Scr_Cs::4>}{\f0\fs30\cf1  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh my God Evan, that is so sweet. Liz didn\u8217\'92t have to go through all that trouble.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs30\cf1
\par\plain {\f2\fs30\b1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs30\cf1  }{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::4>(Reassuring):<!$Scr_Cs::4>}{\f0\fs30\cf1  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No worries. Liz lives nearby and she\u8217\'92s always happy to help. Don\u8217\'92t even try to return anything to her. She texted me that they\u8217\'92re yours to keep or donate to charity.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs30\cf1
\par\plain {\f2\fs30\b1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Maggie<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs30\cf1  }{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::4>(Gracious and curious):<!$Scr_Cs::4>}{\f0\fs30\cf1  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, at least make sure she knows that I\u8217\'92m eternally grateful. Wasn\u8217\'92t that weird for you, texting your sister that I might be sleeping over?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs30\cf1
\par\plain {\f2\fs30\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs30\b0\i0\cf1  }{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::4>(Sincere):<!$Scr_Cs::4>}{\f0\fs30\b0\i0\cf1  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Liz is not one to judge. Besides, she would be more concerned about me driving long distance at night. Plus, she knows I have a guestroom, and probably assumes that you\u8217\'92ll be sleeping there.\u8220\'93 }
\par\plain \f0\fs30\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs30\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs30\cf1 With the foot massage over, Evan held Maggie to her feet. She gives him a kiss before heading over to the table and grabbing clothes to get changed.}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 While Evan turned on the TV and loaded up the most finale of his new favorite show, Maggie went into the bathroom to change. Maggie and Evan cuddled on the couch enjoying the show together.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf6 <!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs30\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f3\fs26\b1\i0\cf5  }{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::4>(): <!$Scr_Cs::4>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 When the show was over, Evan said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The first room upstairs on the right is the guest bedroom. There should be toothbrushes, towels, a hairdryer, whatever you need.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs30\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1><$Scr_Ps::3>Maggie}{\f3\fs26\b1\i0\cf5  <!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::4>(): <!$Scr_Cs::4>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Great!\u8221\'94 replied Maggie.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 Maggie and Evan kissed passionately for a while. When they had finished. }
\par\plain {\f2\fs30\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Maggie}{\f3\fs26\b1\i0\cf5  <!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::4>(): <!$Scr_Cs::4>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We should probably get some sleep.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs30\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1><$Scr_Ps::3>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f3\fs26\b1\i0\cf5  }{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::4>(): <!$Scr_Cs::4>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sounds good. My bedroom is down here. I\u8217\'92m going to leave the door open in case you need anything,\u8221\'94 said Evan.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 <!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs30\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1><$Scr_Ps::3>Maggie}{\f3\fs26\b1\i0\cf5  <!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::4>(): <!$Scr_Cs::4>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94Maggie smiled and said, \u8220\'93That sounds like an invitation to me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs30\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f3\fs26\b1\i0\cf5  }{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::4>(): <!$Scr_Cs::4>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re not gonna start begging me to sleep with you again, are you?\u8221\'94 joked Evan.<!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Maggie laughed.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs30\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1><$Scr_Ps::3>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f3\fs26\b1\i0\cf5  }{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::4>(): <!$Scr_Cs::4>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I only mentioned the open door because your room is haunted. The whole house is haunted, except for my bedroom.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs30\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1><$Scr_Ps::3>Maggie}{\f3\fs26\b1\i0\cf5  <!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::4>(): <!$Scr_Cs::4>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Of course, not your bedroom,\u8221\'94 joked Maggie}
\par\plain {\f2\fs30\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f3\fs26\b1\i0\cf5  }{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::4>(): <!$Scr_Cs::4>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t worry. The ghosts are harmless. They are more the mischievous types that try to keep my guests awake all night.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs30\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1><$Scr_Ps::3>Maggie}{\f3\fs26\b1\i0\cf5  <!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::4>(): <!$Scr_Cs::4>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, if I can\u8217\'92t sleep, I will know where to go,\u8221\'94 joked Maggie.<!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 They enjoyed one last passionate kiss before going to their separate bedrooms.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 <!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\strike\strikec0 Evan went into the kitchen and refilled Maggie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s drink. He brought it back to her and then took the footbath back into his bedroom. He returned with one of his button-down dress shirts.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\strike\strikec0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::3>Evan hung the shirt on a nearby coat rack and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t have any women\u8217\'92s clothes, but I think it\u8217\'92s sexy when a woman wears a man\u8217\'92s button shirt to bed.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\strike\strikec0\cf6 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Thank you! That will be perfect,\u8221\'94 said Maggie.}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0\strike\strikec0
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 <!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 <!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs28\b0\i0}