{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {Absolutely, my apologies for misinterpreting Maggie's true sense of being charmed! Now that you've clarified her perspective, let's adjust the tone accordingly. The main thing we need is to shift those inner thoughts from skeptical amusement to more flustered admiration. Here's a revised take focusing on that angle: }
\par\plain {Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s timing took her breath away for a moment. He settled into the seat like he belonged there all along, a dazzling smile aimed her way \endash  and for a heartbeat, Maggie nearly forgot Laura existed. "How about me?" The simplicity of it was shocking, yet somehow matched that confident grin. }
\par\plain {[Maggie - Surface]: I should probably give the guy points for directness. No cheesy come-on lines, just straight to the chase. Okay, fine, I don't hate it... }
\par\plain {[Internal Flash]: Focus, Maggie, focus! Did that smile always shine that bright? Laura must be loving this \endash  oh, right, she is\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 just look at those barely contained giggles. Wait, why am I even remotely bothering to think about Laura when there's\u8230\'85 well, when there's }{\f0\fs26\i1 him}{ sitting right here. }
\par\plain {"Forgive me for jumping in. My name's Evan." That flash of vulnerability when he apologizes makes her lips quirk upward before she can stop them. He shakes Laura's hand, but even glancing towards her friend feels like a monumental effort when his eyes keep finding hers. "And your name is?" It's barely a question at all, the tone suggesting he already knows what's what. }
\par\plain {[Maggie - Surface]: "Maggie." Okay, smooth move there, Mags. Just blurting out your name like a starstruck idiot... nice. Thankfully, his focus returns to Laura long enough for me to compose myself. }
\par\plain {[Internal Flash]: Maybe Laura has a point after all. Could... could a guy so clearly out of my usual league actually think anything of plain old me? His story better be pretty incredible, though\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 or maybe it doesn't even matter? }
\par\plain {"I know this sounds like some grand romantic set-up, but believe it or not, I just..." And here it comes, that eagerly shared "fate" speech in progress. This is probably where that initial charm starts to crumble. There's only so much boldness a self-respecting woman can endure, right? Unless... well, that's definitely a thought best saved for later. }
\par\plain {Changes Made: }
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sb180\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	 \uc0\u8226 	}{More Appreciation: Highlighting Evan's physical characteristics more prominently as well as inner reactions like her "breath away" moment, convey attraction. }
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	 \uc0\u8226 	}{Inner/Outer Disconnect: Maggie's internal dialogue remains flustered and a bit overwhelmed, while she attempts outwardly to compose herself. This is more true to character than biting remarks, keeping it adorable rather than snarky. }
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	 \uc0\u8226 	}{Laura as Support: Emphasizes friend's amusement as encouragement rather than annoyance; it subtly influences Maggie's own rising enthusiasm. }
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {Does this shift better capture the flustered but charmed response you envisioned? I do agree that focusing on Maggie's subconscious acceptance makes this far more effective in the initial scene. Once they delve into his 'story' later, perhaps we add a tiny glimmer of that playful 'too good to be true' doubt again for realism. }
\par\plain {It sounds like Laura plays a major role in pushing Maggie further out of that comfort zone \endash  do you want to include Laura lines more here interspersed with Maggie's thoughts? It might build that feeling of 'inevitable' nicely. Let me know! }}