{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Bold;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red186\green124\blue93;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs26\b0\i0\fi-889\li1280\lin1280}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs26\b0\i0\fi-889\li1280\lin1280}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs26\b0\i0\fi-889\li1280\lin1280}{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs26\b0\i0\fi-1185\li1707\lin1707}{\listname ;}\listid4}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Unlike our previous scene collaborations, this scene has not been written as of yet, and has no dialogue. I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ll provide various details in the following Scene Segment. Use those details to assist you in crafting a complete and compelling scene, from beginning to end. This is the last scene in the chapter.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b1\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Scene Segment:<!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 [}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 Evan is experiencing mixed emotions and conflicts on multiple levels.<!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 One of his conflicts has to do with his process. The analytical side of Evan can\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t help but try to resolve his conflict by weighing the pros and cons. Here are some thoughts running through his head when it comes to pros and cons.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\i0 Pros:}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li720\fi-500\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 We don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t have to be madly in love to enjoy each other\u8217\'92s company. We will treat each other well and have good times.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 If I bail now, will Maggie really be better off? She worked so hard and has little time and little desire to return to the dating world. Isn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t what I can offer better than loneliness? She looked so excited when we talked about getting together and Integrating our dates with cooking lessons \endash  value to us both.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 The affection they shared together seemed to fill voids within them both.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\i0 Cons:}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li720\fi-500\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 The pain of a blindside breakup might be devastating for her if she ultimately falls in love.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 His new relationship plan is untested. There are a multitude of potential risks involved.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan is a complex man. While his analytical side is addressing his inner conflict with a \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Pros vs Cons\u8221\'94 approach. His emotional process explorers his feelings.}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li720\fi-500\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls3\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 While Maggie may not be his true love, she isn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t just another girl either. Not another first date leading nowhere.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 He doesn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t seem Maggie as limited to friend potential, and yet something inside him says that he\u8217\'92ll never feel for her what he feels for Sarah.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 But how can he know for sure? Maybe not all love is love at first sight. Maybe chemistry builds over time.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 He could see himself loving Maggie as more than a friend, even if not a love born from passion. Is that good enough for him? Is that good enough for her? }
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 And finally, He has an ethical dilemma, asking himself If the value he adds to Maggie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s life justifies the pain he will cause her when it ends after a year. }
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li720\fi-500\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls4\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Should he come clean now? Potentially ruining what could be something that could be a great experience for them both.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 If he bails on the relationship now, That isn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t he essentially predicting the future. How can that be right? No one can predict the future.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Although technically, Evan doesn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t plan to lie. Isn\u8217\'92t the whole relationship a mass deception? How can that be right?}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::1>]<!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::1>[ Those were among the many thoughts running through Evan\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s head. <!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Consider starting the scene with Evan waving goodbye as the car exits the scene. Then Evan sitting on a bench after Laura and Maggie drive away, and that initial good feeling from their final kiss, quickly giving way to Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s inner conflicts. Perhaps have him sit down on a nearby bench, elbows to knees, face buried in his hands while he struggles with his mixed emotions and conflicting thoughts. That was just a suggestion. Feel free to create as you desire.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \tab }
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::1>End the scene with all of Evan\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s conflicts unresolved.  We will need to decide if we want to end The scene, letting the reader know that for now, Evan is planning to continue with this plan until these conflicts can be resolved or just leave the reader and Evan in a state of unresolved conflict. I am open to either option.<!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Feel free to, at your discretion, liberally use Inner Dialogue in this scene. We want the reader to feel what Evan's feeling and think what Evan's thinking.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::1>]<!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs26\b0\i0}