{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Small;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs30\cf1 I like the second paragraph, and the first paragraph is good as well, except I have some notes before we do the rewrite. Feel free to rewrite the second paragraph as well if you want.}
\par\plain \f1\fs30\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs30\cf1 Notes: }
\par\plain {\f1\fs30\cf1 The first paragraph starts off "In the end, nothing was resolved." To me, it sounds like Evan had finished his thought process before lightning struck. However,  the lightning is the catalyst instigating him to end his thought process that likely would've remain unresolved for potentially hours to come. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs30\cf1 I think it's important for the reader to get a hint, be it subtle or direct, that the lightning brought an end to Evan's fruitless conflicting thoughts. }
\par\plain \f1\fs30\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs30\cf1 I don't know if I want this in the scene, but for all we know, the Universe's purpose in the lightning was to get Evan to stop over thinking the gift of Maggie that it had delivered earlier. It might be interesting to reflect this in the last two paragraphs. Truth be told, the Universe could be signaling Evan in either direction, further adding to his confusion. Was the storm a signal to stop overthinking it or a warning of the pain to come if he sticks with his plan? }
\par\plain \f1\fs30\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs30\cf1 Maybe we end the scene with Evan at asking himself the same question. Deepening his already conflicted mind full of contradictory thoughts.\tab }}