{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f1\fs28\b1\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 The room, overlooking the vast expanse of Lake Michigan, was filled with a tense silence, broken only by the occasional shuffling of papers and hushed discussions among the attorneys.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Beside Evan, Liz Bennett, his sister and pillar of support, meticulously reviewed the corporate sales agreement that would transfer Sarah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s share of their successful marketing firm, The Vaughn Group, to her. Despite the business-like atmosphere, the emotional weight of the moment was palpable.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Sarah, sitting across from Evan, exuded a calm exterior but was anything but peaceful inside. Her fingers subconsciously traced the contours of a pendant \endash  a memento from Evan that had become a source of comfort in stressful times. It was a stark reminder of their once-hopeful beginning, now reduced to legal formalities and signatures.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 As much as Evan's 6-foot-two, fit and athletic frame caught the eye, it was his captivating hazel eyes, so expressive and warm, that often drew people in. His eyes.  More than his appearance, Evan was cherished for his compassionate nature and helpful ways. Lost in thoughts of Sarah, he remembered her sharp intellect, and how he had once softened her aloof exterior. Despite the pain and resentment brewing inside, his love for her persisted. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Gazing at her now, her hair cascading down, free of her typical business persona, she remained as breathtaking to him as the day there eyes first met.  The unforgettable day he saved her from the jaws of concrete steps culminating in an dance-like embrace had led to 'The Kiss'.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan had many questions pinching in his mind. The one commonality amongst all of his unanswered questions was that they started with the same word \endash  Why?}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0}