{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 In the bustling heart of downtown Chicago, the serene office atop the city, belonging to Sarah's high-priced attorneys, starkly contrasted the looming storm outside. Lake Michigan's somber waves, visible through the grand window, mirrored the tumult in Evan Vaughn's heart as he faced the irrevocable step of signing the divorce papers.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 The memory of a vow, made in the innocence of his ten-year-old self to never endure his parents' fate, now weighed heavily on him. This childhood promise, shattered by the reality before him, layered his sorrow with a profound sense of betrayal.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan's gaze, drifting from the turmoil of his thoughts, settled on the legal arena before him. His lone, modestly priced attorney stood amidst the circling sharks \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  Sarah's legal team. Their rigorous debate over the trivialities of the decree struck Evan as a mere spectacle, an elaborate justification of their fees, while the true essence of their shared life was reduced to mere paperwork.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 His eyes then found Liz, meticulously reviewing the documents that would transfer Sarah's share of their business to her. In Liz's concentrated figure, Evan saw the embodiment of resilience and unwavering support, deepening his affection for her beyond mere sibling love.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Lastly, Evan's gaze lingered on Sarah. The casual grace with which she now carried herself, a stark departure from her usual business rigor, painfully reminded him of their beginnings. The first electrifying touch, that spontaneous dance of fate that led to 'The Kiss', lingered in his mind, a bittersweet echo of a love that had once promised forever.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Silently, he implored her to meet his eyes, to offer a sliver of connection, a hint of understanding. But she remained absorbed in the view beyond the window, her silhouette a distant shadow against the backdrop of Lake Michigan. Evan's heart ached for recognition, for any sign that the love they once shared resonated still within her. Yet, the silence between them spoke volumes, leaving Evan adrift in his own turmoil, his yearning for answers unanswered.}}