{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 In the bustling heart of downtown Chicago, within the opulent offices of Sarah's high-priced attorneys, the quiet expanse of their top-floor suite stood in stark contrast to the impending storm outside. The vast window offered a sweeping view of Lake Michigan, its normally tranquil waters reflecting the day\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s somber, overcast skies\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a poignant backdrop that mirrored Evan Vaughn\u8217\'92s inner turmoil as he faced the finalization of his divorce.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 As Evan's eyes wandered from the window back to the disturbing divorce documents on the table, a childhood vow haunted him. At just ten years old, amidst the turmoil of his parents' divorce, he had sworn never to walk the same path. Yet, here he was, engulfed in the very scenario he had vowed to avoid. This broken promise added a layer of personal failure to his pain, deepening the chasm of his loss. Losing Sarah was agonizing, but the violation of this deeply held vow stirred turmoil within Evan that transcended the end of their marriage. It was a betrayal of his younger self, a pledge made in innocence and broken in despair.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 As much as Evan's 6-foot-two, fit and athletic frame caught the eye, it was his captivating hazel eyes, so expressive and warm, that often drew people in. More than his appearance, Evan was cherished for his compassionate nature and helpful ways. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan's gaze first landed on the attorneys at the table's far end, where Sarah's two attorneys, akin to sharks circling, engaged in a calculated dance of words with Evan's sole, modestly priced lawyer. The debate over the finer points of the divorce decree appeared to Evan as mere performance, a display to justify their exorbitant fees. He and Sarah had already agreed on the major terms; the rest, to him, was theatrics.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Turning his attention to Liz, Evan's heart swelled with a mix of gratitude and concern. There she was, engrossed in the document that would transfer Sarah's share of their marketing firm to her. His sister, always the rock, now shouldering another piece of his crumbling world. Her dedication in this moment only deepened his admiration and love for her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Finally, Evan's eyes rested on Sarah. Gone was the business attire that had always been her armor, replaced with a casual elegance that seemed to underscore the finality of their chapter. Her hair, usually held in a tightly neat bun, fell loosely around her shoulders, a cascade of waves that brought him back to their first electric touch. Despite everything, she was as breathtaking to him now as she had been on the day they inadvertently danced into each other's lives. That memory lingered between them, a poignant reminder of what once was and what could never be again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan's gaze lingered on Sarah, silently pleading for her to look back, to offer a glimpse of connection or a clue to her thoughts. Yet, she remained fixated on the view beyond the window, her profile etched against the grey expanse of Lake Michigan. At this moment, Evan's heart ached for recognition, for any sign that the love and vows they once shared held some resonance for her, too. But the silence between them was heavy, loaded with unspoken words and unanswered questions. The chasm of their separation seemed insurmountable, leaving Evan adrift in his own turmoil, his yearning for answers unanswered.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0}