{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f5\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f6\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 MS Sans Serif;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red186\green124\blue93;\red130\green49\blue77;\red170\green64\blue101;\red139\green93\blue0;\red0\green135\blue216;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>Use the most recent scene profile I provided to generate the entire scene. Please let me know if I need to resubmit the scene profile. <!$Scr_Cs::0>}
\par\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs32\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_H::2>}
\par\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs32\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Ps::1>Entire Scene:}{\f3\fs32\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> Title<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch \f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf6
\par\plain {\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 Plot/Action:<!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\ltrch\loch {\f5\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::4>[ Please improve the following narrative paragraph ]<!$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 After all the paperwork had been signed by Evan, Sarah, and Liz, Sarah's senior attorney, and Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s attorney shook hands in a show of equal respect. Sarah's senior attorney said a couple of words to her, shook her hand and left the conference room. Evan's attorney asked Evan to step out of the room because he wanted to offer Evan some advice before he returned to the conference room to meet with Sarah alone. With the attorneys and Evan out of the conference room, Sarah and Liz were left alone.}
\par\pard\plain \sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs30\cf1 Sarah}{\f2\fs26\b1\cf7  }{\f1\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 (feeling shame)}{\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 :}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf8 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You hate me don't you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf8 Liz}{\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 :}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf8 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why would I hate you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf8 Sarah}{\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 :}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf8 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Because you and Evan are so close, and I see how much he's hurting.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf8 [Sarah took a deep breath in and blows it out through her mouth and a bit of a sigh.]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf8 Sarah}{\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 :}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf8 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, Liz. I didn't want to hurt him, but you understand why had to do this, don't you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf8 [ Sarah asked hoping for reassurance ]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf8 Liz}{\f2\fs26\b1\i0\cf7  }{\f1\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 (Understanding and Compassionate)}{\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 :}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf8 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I do understand, and I don't hate you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf8 Sarah}{\f2\fs26\b1\i0\cf7  }{\f1\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 (feeling self-pity)}{\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 :}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf8 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I can only imagine what the team members at the bond group are saying about me. They probably hate me more than ever.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf8 [ While Liz knew that there was a hint of truth to what Sarah was saying, she did her soften the blow. ]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf8 Liz}{\f2\fs26\b1\i0\cf7  }{\f1\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 (compassionate)}{\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 :}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf8 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They don't hate you Sarah, they just don't like seeing Evan hurt. He's done his best to put on a brave face, but they could see struggling.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf8 Sarah}{\f2\fs26\b1\i0\cf7  }{\f1\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 (still feeling a bit of self-pity)}{\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 :}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf8 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They didn't like me even before left Evan.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf8 [ Liz continuing to try to soften the blow of the harshness of the truth in Sarah's words. ]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf8 Liz}{\f2\fs26\b1\i0\cf7  }{\f1\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 (compassionate)}{\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 :}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf8 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They just don't know you like Evan and I do. If they got to know you, they would feel differently.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf8 Sarah}{\f2\fs26\b1\i0\cf7  }{\f1\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 (reflective and honest)}{\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 :}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf8 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don't regret marrying Evan. I only regret the pain that I caused him. I've been thinking that maybe it would've been best if I had rejected his proposal. I had my doubts from the start. If I would've just stuck to my life plan, none of the suffering would've taken place.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf8 Liz}{\f2\fs26\b1\i0\cf7  }{\f1\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 (offering sage words)}{\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 :}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf8 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sarah, you can't change the past. However, what you can do is acknowledge the good that came out of your marriage with Evan.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf8 Sarah}{\f2\fs26\b1\i0\cf7  }{\f1\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 (curious)}{\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 :}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf8 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Good?\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs30\cf1 Liz}{\f2\fs26\b1\cf7  }{\f1\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 (sincere)}{\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 :}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf8 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Think about all you and Evan have accomplished together. What is Evan most passionate about?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf8 Sarah}{\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 :}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf8 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The Vaughn Foundation.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf8 Liz}{\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 :}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf8 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Exactly! It was you who got him interested in nonprofit work way back in college. That would not have happened without you. Think about all of the underprivileged teens that benefited from education the foundation provides. The foundation wouldn't exist without the profitable success of the Vaughn group, and neither organization would exist if not for your brilliance and money management.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf8 Sarah}{\f2\fs26\b1\i0\cf7  }{\f1\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 (not wanting to take all the credit)}{\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 :}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf8 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Evan did his part. He's a excellent project manager, team leader, and better with clients and I'll ever be.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf8 Liz}{\f2\fs26\b1\i0\cf7  }{\f1\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 ()}{\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 :}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf8 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93True enough. But he doesn't know anything Accounts Payable, Accounts Receivable, benefit programs, profit margins and the other countless responsibilities that you're so good at.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf8 Sarah}{\f2\fs26\b1\i0\cf7  }{\f1\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 (concerned)}{\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 :}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf8 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Liz\u8221\'94 [Sarah pauses for a moment and then continues] "I'm worried about Evan. He doesn't even know how to file taxes. I don't think he's ever written a check. He's actually good with numbers, but has no interest and no experience in managing finances. On top of that, he doesn't even care about money. I'm worried he'll go bankrupt the within a year."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf8 Liz}{\f2\fs26\b1\i0\cf7  }{\f1\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 (chuckling)}{\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 :}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf8 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Please don't worry. Evan is not a big spender, and I've already been working with him on these issues. He'll learn what he needs to learn.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf8 Sarah}{\f2\fs26\b1\i0\cf7  }{\f1\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 (still worried)}{\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 :}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf8 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Liz, promise me you'll take care of Evan. And promise me you'll contact me if you need to know anything \endash  account numbers, passwords, phone numbers, anything. I worry so much about him.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf8 Liz}{\f2\fs26\b1\i0\cf7  }{\f1\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 (reassuring and comforting)}{\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 :}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf8 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I've been watching over him since I was 12 years old, I don't plan to stop now.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf8 Sarah}{\f2\fs26\b1\i0\cf7  }{\f1\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 (admiring Liz)}{\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 :}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf8 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93One thing I learned over the past few years is that a leopard cannot change its spots. I am who I am, and I'm okay with that. But if I could be like anyone else in this world, I would want to be like you.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs30\cf1 Liz}{\f2\fs26\b1\cf7  }{\f1\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 (touched by Sarah's kind words)}{\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 :}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf8 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Aww, Sarah that's so sweet! I think pretty awesome too!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf8
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf8 [ The scene ends while Sarah and Liz embrace. Note, the next scene will begin while there in the middle of their embrace]}
\par\plain \f6\fs18\b0\i0
\par\plain \f6\fs18\b0\i0
\par\plain \f6\fs18\b0\i0
\par\plain \f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf8
\par\plain \f6\fs18\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf8
\par\plain \f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf8
\par\plain \f6\fs18\b0\i0
\par\plain \f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf8
\par\plain \f6\fs18\b0\i0
\par\plain \f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf8
\par\plain \f6\fs18\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf8
\par\plain \f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf8
\par\plain \f6\fs18\b0\i0
\par\plain \f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf8
\par\plain \f6\fs18\b0\i0
\par\plain \f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf8
\par\plain \f6\fs18\b0\i0
\par\plain \f6\fs18\b0\i0
\par\plain \f6\fs18\b0\i0
\par\plain \f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf8
\par\plain \f6\fs18\b0\i0
\par\plain \f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf8
\par\plain \f6\fs18\b0\i0
\par\plain \f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf8
\par\plain \f6\fs18\b0\i0
\par\plain \f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf8
\par\plain \f6\fs18\b0\i0
\par\plain \f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf8
\par\plain \f6\fs18\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf8
\par\plain \f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf8
\par\plain \f6\fs18\b0\i0
\par\plain \f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf8
\par\plain \f6\fs18\b0\i0
\par\plain \f6\fs18\b0\i0
\par\plain \f6\fs18\b0\i0
\par\plain \f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf8
\par\plain \f6\fs18\b0\i0
\par\plain \f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf8
\par\plain \f6\fs18\b0\i0
\par\plain \f6\fs18\b0\i0
\par\plain \f6\fs18\b0\i0}