{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red163\green101\blue209;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Evan bounced as he exited the shower, a grin permanently plastered on his face. Excitement hummed through him, stronger than the night he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d spilled his whole dating plan to his friends. He practically skipped into his closet, whistling off-key. This. This was the day it was all going to fall into place.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 His morning had been a perfect string of green lights: a record-breaking run, the gym weights felt like feathers, and a buzzer-beating win to finish off a lunchtime basketball game. As he reached into the closet, eyes closed, a laugh bubbled up in his throat. The last thing to go wrong today would be his outfit. With a flourish, he pulled out a shirt \endash  and of course, it was the right one. The radio chimed in then, a feel-good anthem - \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Perfect Day\u8221\'94 by Hoku.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 For a moment, he just listened, feeling the upbeat pulse match his own. Those lyrics \endash  they weren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t just background noise. They were a promise. }{\f1\fs26\b0\i1 On this perfect day, nothing\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s standing in my way... }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 A surge of certainty washed over him. This was it. }{\f1\fs26\b0\i1 On this perfect day, when nothing can go wrong...}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 The Universe was lining things up, leading him straight toward a chance at... something. Not grand romance, that ship had sailed long ago. But maybe something good enough to prove his whole crazy plan had merit. Today wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t wishful thinking; it was... a shot at something different}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan scanned the list of rules Liz had printed out for him. Rule #4 in particular had stuck with him: his potential partner in his new plan had to live at least 45 minutes away. With determination, he opted to embark on a spontaneous journey, His plan was simple: drive until he reached the 45-minute mark, then start seeking signs guiding him to his destined encounter. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Out west he went, I-88 his ticket to adventure\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 well, at least adventure of the non-epic-love variety. With any luck, this would be the last solo road trip for a while. His SUV cruised along, an extension of his eager energy. Music flooded the space, windows down to catch the summer air. No honking horns or stop-and-go today, the Tollway stretching ahead, }{\f0\fs26\b0 echoing with possibilities}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 . His sunglasses mirrored the cloudless sky.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Then, like clockwork, it all went sideways. Construction signs loomed, traffic grinding to a crawl. Even construction cones weren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t going to stop him now. Instead, Evan found himself strangely... calm. It felt like some grand test, a speed bump to filter out the half-committed. If the Universe really had his back, this was meant to lead him somewhere special. Or\u8230\'85 at least somewhere far enough away.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 No time to think, time to act. Spotting an exit ramp, he veered off. He found himself pulling into a town square gas station, energy drink less of a crave and more an excuse to move. A sudden urge, source unknown, guided Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s attention to the storefront window \endash  and bam! A colorful poster slapped him awake: Autumn Festival, Live Music, Naperville Riverwalk. There was that word again: live. Something sparked, a feeling more than logic. It looked fun, full of people, and wasn\u8217\'92t that the whole point of this crazy plan? Suddenly the traffic jam felt like a shove in the right direction. Fate\u8217\'92s GPS was a little messy, but hey, he always said to expect the unexpected\u8230\'85}
\par\pard\plain \tx9000\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\ul\ulc0 \~}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan parked in the downtown Naperville garage, the unfamiliar surroundings amplifying the butterflies in his stomach. Not that those nerves would\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve shown \endash  at least he hoped they wouldn\u8217\'92t. This wasn\u8217\'92t about exuding Guido-style swagger when approaching women he\u8217\'92d never met. But even an ounce of that easy confidence sure would\u8217\'92ve been welcome right about now. How exactly did one go about spotting their one-year-and-done soul mate in a crowd? Did fate issue matching t-shirts, or was he supposed to get some sort of mystical vibe?}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 An annoyed chuckle bubbled up. Okay, so cosmic guidance wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t his strong suit. He\u8217\'92d always liked things straight-up, predictable. Still, this whole experiment was about trying something different, wasn\u8217\'92t it? Liz\u8217\'92s voice resonated in his memory, calm, steady: \u8220\'93If it\u8217\'92s meant to be, it will be.\u8221\'94 An odd warmth flooded through him \endash  more reassuring than his typical dose of skepticism. Liz had a way of cutting through the anxiety, reminding him that effort itself had value. Hey, if nothing else, it would make for a hell of a story\u8230\'85}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 The moment he stepped outside, the energy shift hit him \endash  not like a tidal wave, but a steady undercurrent of excitement buzzing beneath the surface. This wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t his comfort zone, not by a long shot. But he wasn\u8217\'92t backing down; if there was even a sliver of a chance on this wild goose chase, he was gonna find it. With each stride, Liz\u8217\'92s refrain pulsed alongside his heartbeat: \u8220\'93If it\u8217\'92s meant to be\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 Let the fun begin.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 As Evan navigated the town square towards the festival\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s entrance, a blur of people, boutiques, and caf\u233\'E9s melted away. Suddenly, amidst the chaos, it was as if a spotlight shone down upon a single detail. There she was: a flash of auburn hair unlike any he\u8217\'92d ever encountered - vibrant as the richest hues adorning the trees overhead, yet radiating a warmth that only life could possess. The vibrant blend danced beneath the sunlight, echoing the golden shades of fading leaves while hinting at an inner glow all her own. That must be her. Her unique hair color, mirroring the vibrancy of nature\u8217\'92s autumn canvas, wasn\u8217\'92t simply a sign - her incandescent beacon of hair signaling the Universe was hand-picking his unwitting companion who would accompany him on an uncharted course.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Now, about actually doing something with this cosmic directive\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85A knot formed in his stomach. Gone was the bravado of his drive, replaced by the awkward reality of walking up to a stranger. Yet, beneath the panic, another wave crashed over him: excitement. This wasn\u8217\'92t some bar, some generic meet-cute territory. This was the start of something\u8230\'85 something he had no script for. Excuses swirled through his mind \endash  }{\f1\fs26\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>wait until they look up, pretend someone called his name\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8230\'85 Pathetic.<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  With gritted teeth, he forced himself forward, every step against his usual instincts.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>Focus. Listen.<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  Maybe something they talked about could give him an \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91in,\u8217\'92 a reason to approach beyond dumbstruck gawking. It seemed wrong to eavesdrop, yet the words floated to him on the breeze. }{\f1\fs26\i1\cf4 <!$Scr_Ps::0>}}