{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs30\cf1 I did my best to integrate your suggestions for improvements. Please review the updated instructions before I put them in the "Custom Instructions" section.}
\par\plain \f0\fs30\cf1
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24 Custom Instructions for Crafting Scenes:}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24 \tab  \bullet \tab }{\f1\fs26\b1 Dialogue Verbatim:}{\f0\fs24\b0  Maintain provided dialogue unchanged for character integrity and narrative flow.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \tab  \bullet \tab }{\f1\fs26\b1 Complete Dialogue Inclusion:}{\f0\fs24\b0  Include all dialogue lines to preserve narrative continuity.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \tab  \bullet \tab }{\f1\fs26\b1 Narrative and Tags:}{\f0\fs24\b0  Enhance dialogue with action tags, dialogue tags, and descriptions as specified.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \tab  \bullet \tab }{\f1\fs26\b1 Narrative Flexibility:}{\f0\fs24\b0  Modify, delete, or add narrative elements for a polished narrative.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \tab  \bullet \tab }{\f1\fs26\b1 Casual Tone:}{\f0\fs24\b0  Write scenes in a casual, relaxed tone that\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s conversational and approachable, using everyday language to make characters and their experiences relatable. Apply this tone to both full scenes and parts of scenes, aiming for a vibe that\u8217\'92s easygoing and full of personality.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \tab  \bullet \tab }{\f1\fs26\b1 Flexibility for Contextual Adjustments:}{\f0\fs24\b0  While maintaining a casual tone, be open to stylistic adjustments as required by the scene's context or specific character development needs, ensuring the narrative remains dynamic and engaging.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \tab  \bullet \tab }{\f1\fs26\b1 Past Tense and Immersion:}{\f0\fs24\b0  Write scenes in simple past tense.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \tab  \bullet \tab }{\f1\fs26\b1 Internal Dialogue:}{\f0\fs24\b0  Use italics for characters' thoughts.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \tab  \bullet \tab }{\f1\fs26\b1 Dialogue Convention:}{\f0\fs24\b0  Start a new paragraph for each speaker change; avoid dialogue markers ("Evan:"), instructions, and bullet points.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \tab  \bullet \tab }{\f1\fs26\b1 Publication-Ready Format:}{\f0\fs24\b0  Ensure scenes are suitable for publication, adhering to standards of narrative structure and character development.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \tab  \bullet \tab }{\f1\fs26\b1 Coherence and Continuity:}{\f0\fs24\b0  Ensure that all scenes, whether full or partial, contribute to the overall narrative's coherence and continuity, especially when integrating new elements or revising existing content.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 \tab }{\f0\fs26\b0 \bullet \tab }{\f1\fs26\b1 Narrative Style Confirmation:}{\f0\fs26\b0  After each scene or scene part, confirm the narrative style used, specifying if a casual, conversational tone was applied. This ensures tone consistency across all written material.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0}