{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {Laura and Evan sat at the kitchen table, a flicker of tension in the air.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I assume you know why I wanted to talk?\u8221\'94 Evan asked, his voice low.}
\par\plain {Laura toyed with the edge of a napkin, meeting his gaze briefly. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I have my suspicions. But go ahead, fill me in.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s going on with Maggie?\u8221\'94 Evan\u8217\'92s tone was gentle, yet insistent. \u8220\'93I know there\u8217\'92s more to this than she\u8217\'92s letting on. Why is she quitting school?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Laura hesitated. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Maggie swore me to secrecy. She doesn\u8217\'92t want you to know.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Know what?\u8221\'94 He pressed, worry furrowing his brow.}
\par\plain {Laura sighed. She hated to break her promise, but maybe Evan could help. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s... money,\u8221\'94 she admitted reluctantly. \u8220\'93Turns out there are limits to student loans, and with her hours getting cut... she can\u8217\'92t afford tuition, let alone her share of living expenses.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Evan let out a breath, half sigh, half a disbelieving chuckle.  "Thank God," he murmured.  Whew, she's not leaving to be with me after all.  That's a relief. Catching Laura's startled expression, he quickly regained his composure, focusing on the matter at hand. "I figured it was something like that," he said with newfound seriousness. "She's so close to finishing, she can't quit now!"}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s what I said!\u8221\'94 Laura exclaimed, a touch of desperation in her voice. \u8220\'93But with no loan, there\u8217\'92s no way...\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How much would it take?\u8221\'94 Evan interrupted, a thoughtful glint in his eyes. \u8220\'93To finish school, to cover her bills... how much does she need?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Laura blinked. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s a lot. Maybe fifteen thousand total?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Evan nodded slowly. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And there\u8217\'92s no way she\u8217\'92d let me give her the money? Help her out?\u8221\'94 He knew the answer even as he asked, but had to be sure.}
\par\plain }