{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Bold;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red139\green93\blue0;\red0\green108\blue175;\red186\green124\blue93;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Maggie and Laura were busy preparing for the Christmas Eve party that would be starting in a few hours. Maggie took care of the food preparation, while Laura was responsible for cleaning up and rearranging furniture for a larger crowd.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Laura had her phone in silent mode. Evan planned to text her after he had parked his car. They agreed to meet downstairs by the mailboxes. Laura received the expected text from Evan.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1><$Scr_Ps::0>Laura: <!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hey, Maggie. Have you checked the mail yet?\u8221\'94 asked Laura.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>Evan: <!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No, I didn\u8217\'92t. Does the post office deliver on Christmas Eve?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>Laura: <!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I think they do. I need a break. I\u8217\'92ll go down and check.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan was already at the mailboxes when Laura came down.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1><$Scr_Ps::0>Laura: <!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I can\u8217\'92t believe we\u8217\'92re doing this. Is your heart racing as fast as mine?\u8221\'94 whispered Laura as she grabbed Evan\u8217\'92s hand and put it to the top of her chest.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>Evan:<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not sure. I think so!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 Laura decided to check for herself. She placed her hand over Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s heart and said, \u8220\'93It is! I don\u8217\'92t think I\u8217\'92ve ever been this excited and scared at the same time.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>Evan: <!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Me neither.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 Laura grabbed the mail from the mailbox and stuck the scholarship envelope in between several other envelopes \endash  mostly Christmas cards.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>Evan: <!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I spent a couple of hours updating the website. If she seems suspicious, show her the website, and she\u8217\'92ll get confirmation she is the official recipient. If we do get caught, don\u8217\'92t use our last-resort tactic until I give you the signal.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>Laura: <!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Got it! Look at the two of us. We\u8217\'92re nervous wrecks. I\u8217\'92m going to get her to open the mail as soon as possible. Otherwise, she\u8217\'92ll take one look at us and know something\u8217\'92s up.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>Evan: <!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Good idea! Are you ready?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>Laura: <!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No. You?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>Evan:<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No way!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 They both laughed and headed upstairs to the apartment.<!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\ltrch\loch \f2\fs22\b0\i1\cf6
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i1\cf6 [}{\f2\fs22\b0\i1\cf6   In the rough draft of the scene, this is where it ended. However, I'm going to add to the ending of the scene. Replace the line above "They both laughed and headed upstairs to the apartment." With something more like:}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\ltrch\loch \f2\fs22\i1\cf6
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i1\cf6 Laura turned excitedly to start upstairs. Evan grabbed her arm as her foot reached the first step.  Laura, surprise, twisted her body halfway back and could see intrepidation in Evan's eyes. }{\f2\fs22\b0\i1\cf6  }{\f2\fs22\b0\i1\cf6 ]}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\ltrch\loch \f2\fs22\b0\i1\cf6
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i1\cf6 <!$Scr_Ps::2>}}