{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Bold;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Italic;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-BoldItalic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red139\green93\blue0;\red186\green124\blue93;\red0\green135\blue216;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\f0\fs26\b0\fi-360\li720\lin720}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs26\b0\fi-360\li720\lin720}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs26\b0\i0\fi-480\li960\lin960}{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs26\b0\i0\fi-480\li960\lin960}{\listname ;}\listid4}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b1 Instructions for Creating Scenes for My Novel:}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 When assisting in creating new scenes, please adhere to the following guidelines to ensure consistency and meet the specific needs for crafting compelling narrative content:}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0 1.	}{\f0\fs26\b1 Retain Dialogue Verbatim:}{\f0\fs26\b0  All dialogue provided must be incorporated exactly as written. Each line of dialogue is crucial to preserving the characters' voices and the narrative flow.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0 2.	}{\f0\fs26\b1 Retain All lines of Dialogue:}{\f0\fs26\b0  Ensure that every line of dialogue provided is included in the scene without omissions. It's crucial that none of the dialogue lines are left out to maintain the integrity and continuity of the narrative.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0 3.	}{\f0\fs26\b1 Action Tags and Dialogue Tags:}{\f0\fs26\b0  Surround the provided dialogue with compelling action tags, dialogue tags, and narrative enhancements based on instructions within brackets or parentheses. These instructions are meant to guide you in conveying the tone of the speaker, emotional context, and specific actions or descriptions.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0 4.	}{\f0\fs26\b1 Narrative Flexibility:}{\f0\fs26\b0  While dialogue must remain unchanged, you have the freedom to modify, delete, or add to narrative paragraphs provided. Use these as a rough draft to craft more polished narrative content.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0 5.	}{\f0\fs26\b1 Use Simple Past Tense:}{\f0\fs26\b0  Write all scenes using simple past tense to maintain consistency in narrative voice.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0 6.	}{\f0\fs26\b1 Immersive Storytelling:}{\f0\fs26\b0  Avoid meta-references to the 'scene' or the writing process within the narrative itself. Keep the reader fully immersed in the story.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0 7.	}{\f0\fs26\b1 Emphasis on "Showing" Over "Telling":}{\f0\fs26\b0  Use descriptive imagery and action to show what's happening in the scene, rather than simply telling. Deep POV (Point of View) should be employed to immerse the reader in the characters' experiences and emotions.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0 8.	}{\f0\fs26\b1 Internal Dialogue Formatting:}{\f0\fs26\b0  Use italics instead of quotes for internal dialogue to clearly differentiate characters' thoughts from spoken words.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0 9.	}{\f0\fs26\b1 New or Updated Character Profiles:}{\f0\fs26\b0  When provided with new or updated character profiles, integrate these details into the scene as requested. This does not automatically require an immediate scene creation unless specified.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0 10.	}{\f0\fs26\b1 Dialogue Writing Convention:}{\f0\fs26\b0  Adhere to standard dialogue writing conventions by starting a new paragraph with every change of speaker, enhancing readability and clarity.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0 11.	}{\f0\fs26\b1 Avoid Meta-References:}{\f0\fs26\b0  Refrain from including meta-references to the author's name or any external entities within the narrative, ensuring a seamless and immersive reading experience.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0 12.	}{\f0\fs26\b1 Author's Style Identification:}{\f0\fs26\b0  At the end of the scene, identify the author's style used in writing the scene to provide context and insight into the narrative choices.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0 13.	}{\f0\fs26\b1 Dialogue Naturalness:}{\f0\fs26\b0  Use contractions in character dialogue to reflect natural speech patterns and enhance realism.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0 14.	}{\f0\fs26\b1 Format for Publication:}{\f0\fs26\b0  The output should be in a format suitable for a published fictional novel, adhering to industry standards for narrative structure and character development.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0 15.	}{\f0\fs26\b1 Format and Restrictions:}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0 Avoid using dialogue markers like "Evan:" unless specifically instructed.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0 Do not include any embedded instructions within the final scene.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0 The scene should not contain bullet points or the word "palpable."}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0 By adhering to these guidelines, the goal is to produce high-quality scenes that align with the author's vision while maintaining narrative consistency and character integrity.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs26\b1\i0 Guideline Example for Scene Enhancement:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 To assist in creating compelling scenes, consider the transformation from a basic scene setup to a more detailed and emotionally engaging narrative. This example demonstrates how to expand upon the dialogue and setting, adding depth and emotion to the scene.}
\par\plain \f1\fs26\b1\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\i0 Before:}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sb180\ltrch\loch \ls3\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Basic scene with direct dialogue and minimal narrative.}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sa180\ltrch\loch \ls3\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Example dialogue and action described straightforwardly without emotional depth or descriptive detail.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \f1\fs26\b1\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\i0 After:}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sb180\ltrch\loch \ls4\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 The scene is enhanced with descriptive narrative, emotional depth, and detailed action tags.}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sa180\ltrch\loch \ls4\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Dialogue is woven into a richer context, showing rather than telling, to immerse the reader more fully in the scene.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \f1\fs26\b1\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\i0 Example Transition:}
\par\plain {\f2\fs26\b0\i1 Before Transition:}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 After all the paperwork had been signed by Evan, Sarah, and Liz, Sarah's senior attorney, and Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s attorney shook hands in a show of equal respect. Sarah's senior attorney said a few words to her, shook her hand, and left the conference room. Evan's attorney asked Evan to step out of the room because he wanted to offer Evan some advice before he returned to the conference room to meet with Sarah alone. With the attorneys and Evan out of the conference room, Sarah and Liz were left alone.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>Sarah<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>(feeling shame):<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2> \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You don't hate me, do you?"<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>Liz:<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2> \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why would I hate you, Sarah?"<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>Sarah:<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2> \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Because of how close you and Evan are, and seeing him so hurt..."<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>[Sarah sighed deeply.]<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>Sarah:<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2> \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I never wanted to hurt him. You understand why I had to do this, right?"<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>Liz<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>(Understanding and Compassionate)<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 :}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2> \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, I understand, and no, I don't hate you."<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>Sarah<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1> (self-pitying):<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2> \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I bet everyone at Vaughn Group is bad-mouthing me. They probably think I'm the worst."<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs26\b0\i1 End Transition:}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs26\b0\i0 After the formalities of signing the divorce papers were concluded, Sarah watched as the attorneys exchanged courteous nods, marking an end to the official proceedings. Evan\loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8217\'92s attorney whispered a few parting words of advice to Evan, guiding him out for a private conversation, leaving the conference room steeped in a heavy silence. Now alone, Sarah and Liz faced each other, an ocean of unspoken emotions swirling between them.}
\par\plain {\f4\fs26\b0\i0 Sarah\loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8217\'92s voice was low, tinged with vulnerability. \u8220\'93You don\u8217\'92t hate me, do you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f4\fs26\b0\i0 Liz met her gaze, her expression softening. \loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8220\'93Why would I hate you, Sarah?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f4\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s just... seeing how close you and Evan are, and him being so hurt...\u8221\'94 Sarah\u8217\'92s voice trailed off as she exhaled a heavy sigh, the weight of her actions pressing down on her.}
\par\plain {\f4\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8220\'93I never wanted to hurt him. You understand why I had to do this, right?\u8221\'94 Sarah\u8217\'92s eyes searched Liz\u8217\'92s for some sign of understanding.}
\par\plain {\f4\fs26\b0\i0 Liz nodded, her voice warm and reassuring. \loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, I understand, and no, I don\u8217\'92t hate you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f4\fs26\b0\i0 Sarah\loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8217\'92s shoulders slumped slightly, relief momentarily lightening the burden she carried. \u8220\'93I bet everyone in the office is bad-mouthing me. They probably think I\u8217\'92m the worst.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f4\fs26\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs26\b0}