{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Bold;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red0\green149\blue223;\red170\green64\blue101;\red76\green76\blue76;\red208\green78\blue124;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\fi0\li0\lin0}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \sa60\sb240\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs32\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_H::2>Scene Profile: }{\f2\fs28\b1\i0 <$Scr_Cs::1>Scene #26: Evan Invites Maggie to His Place<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Cs::1><!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sl120\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f3\fs32\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Ps::2>Summary:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf6 After a captivating play, Evan hesitates at the parking garage exit, contemplating their next move. A left turn would take Maggie home, preserving the cautious pace of their budding relationship. A right turn, however, leads to an overnight stay at Evan\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92s Highland Park residence, signaling a risky step into the unknown. Caught in a moment of indecision, Maggie\u8217\'92s desire prevails, urging a right turn. Delighted by her choice, Evan steers right, embarking on a new chapter with Maggie.<!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sl168\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Ps::2>Leading Context:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf6  The previous scene ended on a high note. Maggie enjoyed Evan\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92s surprise indoor picnic and was excited about heading up to the play.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sl120\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf6 <!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 Scene's Tone:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf6 Exciting, playful, anticipatory.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sl120\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf6 <!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 Setting:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 - Location:}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::5> A busy parking garage near a popular theater in downtown Chicago.Downtown Chicago. <!$Scr_Cs::5>}
\par\plain {\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 - Time:}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::5> 10:00<!$Scr_Cs::5>}
\par\plain {\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 - Weather/Environment:}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::5> A crisp fall evening.<!$Scr_Cs::5><!$Scr_Ps::4><$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sl168\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 Characters Present:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 - Main Characters:}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::5> Evan, Maggie.<!$Scr_Cs::5><!$Scr_Ps::4><$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sl168\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf7
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 Character Emotional State:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 - Evan:}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::5> Evan is feeling good. While he still does not see Maggie as his forever girl, he got to be his romantic self by surprising her with an indoor picnic and homemade meal. He\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92s pretty sure that he wants Maggie to be the first girl he starts this new relationship plan with, but he still a bit hesitant. But in this moment, he doesn\u8217\'92t want the evening to end. In this playful, flirtatious scene, Evan is hopeful that Maggie will agree to come back to his place, and even more hopeful that may lead to starting their year together.<!$Scr_Cs::5>}
\par\plain {\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 - Maggie:}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::5> At the start of the scene, Maggie is expressing her enjoyment of the play. At first, when Evan invites her to his place, her hesitation is in play. While she truly desires to go with Evan, she\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92s afraid their relationship is moving too fast. She is worried about getting too attached to Evan, potentially leading to heartache like she\u8217\'92s experienced before in other relationships. Sensing Maggie\u8217\'92s hesitation, Evan playfully tries to reassure and make her feel more at ease. Ultimately, Maggie is left with the decision she has little time to make. If Evan turns left, which he will do if she doesn\u8217\'92t tell him differently, he will drive her home and their date will end. If he turns right, he\u8217\'92s headed to his house where Maggie will spend the night. While at first she opted for the more cautious approach, returning to her place, a last-second urge of desire caused her to throw caution to the wind and instructed Evan to turn right. This internal conflict is not overly intense. This is not a dramatic moment, more like fun excitement, for her. But it is a little scary.<!$Scr_Cs::5><!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sl168\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf7
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Ps::2>POV:}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::5> Third person limited, deep (focusing on Evan)<!$Scr_Cs::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sl168\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf6
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 Dialogue Focus:}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::5> Heavy<!$Scr_Cs::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sl168\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 Use of Internal Dialogue:}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::5> Minimal<!$Scr_Cs::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sl168\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 Objectives/Goals:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::6>}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li576\fi-216\sa60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 We want the reader to sense that Evan really likes Maggie, and is finally enjoying a relationship for the first time since his `divorce. At the moment, anyway, Evan seems to put aside his doubts and concerns about his new relationship plan and is moving closer to starting his one-year relationship with Maggie. He really likes her, even though he doesn't feel for her what he felt for Sarah.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 In this scene, we want the reader to feel the excitement of Maggie. While Evan is more "hopeful" it is energy, Maggie is equal parts scared and excited. As we have seen and will see again, Maggie tends to resist what she really wants at the beginning, but when it comes to Evan, she manages to overcome her fears and pursue the riskier Evan knew of following her heart's desire. Although this scene is and Evan's POV. I'll provide instructions later in the scene segment s to relax this rule and allow us in Maggie's head.<!$Scr_Ps::6>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sl120\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1  }
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Ps::2>Notes:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf6 This document is the Scene Profile and is meant to be used as a reference. Do not write the scene at this time.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf6 <!$Scr_Ps::3>}}