{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red0\green149\blue223;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \sa60\sb240\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs32\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_H::2>Foreshadowing and Character Introduction Strategies:<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 I've always been a bit concerned about how long it takes to get to the true heroin of the book, Chloe. My original attempt at writing Love, Annually exposed to me several concerns in my approach. }
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 There are many characters in this book, and a couple of subplots. I feel like my 1st attempt at writing these early chapters was "information overload." I gave away too much when introducing subplots and characters, especially Chloe's bigger than life character. This results in a lot of extra words.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Additionally, it takes a while to get to Chloe. A final point, is that I introduce a subplot of Liz's infertility near the same point that Evan comes up with his plan, and several characters are introduced during the poker party in which he reveals his plan. This is a lot of information to dump on the readers all at one time.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 So below are a few ideas I have for injecting/trickling Chloe into the story earlier.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 1.}{\f2\fs26\b1\i0  Early Introduction of Chloe:}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  Implementing early mentions of Chloe in the narrative through conversations or brief scenes. This approach aims to build intrigue and anticipation around her character before her physical entrance into the story. It will provide readers with a glimpse of her personality, fostering curiosity about her eventual role.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 2.}{\f2\fs26\b1\i0  Balancing Chloe's Character Introduction: }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Gradually introducing aspects of Chloe's character and backstory in the early parts of the book to prevent information overload upon her direct introduction. This strategy will distribute the details of Chloe's character across several scenes, making her entrance more impactful and manageable for the reader.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 3. }{\f2\fs26\b1\i0 Foreshadowing Liz\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s Infertility Subplot:}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  Utilizing interactions between Chloe and Liz to subtly introduce the theme of Liz\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s infertility. This not only reveals Chloe's nurturing side early in the story but also sets up Liz\u8217\'92s significant subplot. The aim is to create depth in their characters and establish a connection between their personal challenges and the main narrative.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0}