{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch 
\par\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa160\sl259\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Laura and Evan chose a nondescript coffee shop, far from Maggie's culinary school territory, ensuring they wouldn't be caught. They huddled in a shadowy corner, a buzz of excitement crackling between them.  Evan slouched low in his seat, glanced around nervously. With deliberate stealth, he placed the letter-sized, unmarked envelope on the table as if delivering classified documents. One last quick scan of the room, then he slid it across with a single finger, a hint of a playful smirk on his face.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Laura, mirroring his spy-like theatrics, slipped the envelope open with a conspiratorial air, revealing its contents. A congratulatory letter, naming Maggie the winner of the 'McCarthy Irish American Culinary Scholarship'.  A yellow sticker marked "Sign Here" on the second document, making it clear that she was accepting her role as the sole member of the scholarship selection committee. Yet, something else remained inside...  With a quick shake, a cashier's check for a staggering $15,000 fluttered onto the table, made out directly to Maggie O'Brian.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Her eyes widened. "Evan, this is... wow."  Despite the urgency in her voice, her hand moved with practiced authority, signing the document without hesitation. "Are you, like, secretly rich?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan looked down, his expression a mix of modesty and slight discomfort. "Nah, not really. It's more like, well... my monthly expenses are minimal. I have no mortgage or car payments. Plus, I rent out my mountain cabin when I'm not there. Keeps me comfortable, I guess."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Here's an enhanced version of your updated scene, focusing on flow, tightening some of the dialogue, and adding a touch more emphasis on Evan's sincerity:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Laura leaned in, eyes wide. "Seriously? How long does it take you to make..." she gulped, "...fifteen grand?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan explained. "Liz takes a salary from the foundation for the day-to-day stuff. Since I mostly volunteer, I don't. That way, I can sneak off to the cabin whenever I need a break."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Laura interrupted, a playful awe in her voice. "You're living my dream!" A wistful sigh escaped her. "But wait... if you don't take a salary, how..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan shrugged, trying to downplay it. "My income's from company profits. It varies, but a week or two usually does the trick, whether I'm working or relaxing at the cabin. And hey," he added, a touch of earnestness in his voice, "I'd much rather see this money help Maggie than just sit in the bank doing nothing."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 "Wow, I had no idea!" Laura exclaimed. "Okay, so what's next, mastermind?"}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0}