{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Evan paced the cramped entryway by the mailboxes, the echo of Christmas music drifting down from the apartment above. A familiar tightness coiled in his chest \endash  a mix of excitement and the first prickle of unease. The sound of hurried footsteps echoed on the stairs, and Laura burst into view, a whirlwind of nervous energy.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What took you so long?\u8221\'94 she hissed, tucking a wayward strand of hair behind her ear. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sorry! Traffic was insane. I swear I left early,\u8221\'94 Evan replied, his voice a touch higher than usual. \u8220\'93You wouldn\u8217\'92t believe the gridlock. Do you have the envelope?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sure do!\u8221\'94 Laura said, reaching under the back of her sweater, pulling the scholarship envelope from waistband of her jeans where it was hidden. }{\f0\fs26\b0 Here, hold this," she said, handing the envelope to Evan}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 , freeing her hands to open the mailbox and retrieve several items of mail, mostly Christmas cards.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 She\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s split the pieces of mail and half, signaling with her head for Evan to put the envelope in the middle. He did and she sandwich the letter with the rest of the mail making it one stack.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I can\u8217\'92t believe we\u8217\'92re doing this,\u8221\'94 she breathed, clutching his hand to the top of her chest. \u8220\'93Is yours beating this fast?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan blinked, momentarily startled when Laura impulsively grabbed his hand, placing it over her heart. A surprised laugh bubbled up as he felt the echo of her frantic pulse. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8230\'85 I think so?\u8221\'94 he managed, his voice a touch breathless.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 She pressed her hand against his chest, a teasing smile playing on her lips. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It is! I don\u8217\'92t think I\u8217\'92ve ever been this excited and scared at once!\u8221\'94}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 His voice held a newfound tremor that matched hers. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Me neither.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I updated the website last night,\u8221\'94 he said, voice barely above a whisper. If she seems suspicious, show her the website, and she\u8217\'92ll get confirmation she is the official recipient. If we do get caught, don\u8217\'92t use our last-resort tactic until I give you the signal.\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Laura nodded, determination burning in her eyes. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Got it. Look at us \endash  a pair of }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 nervous wrecks}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 !\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 She squeezed his hand. \u8220\'93Let\u8217\'92s get her to open that mail ASAP. One look at us, and she\u8217\'92ll know something\u8217\'92s up.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Good idea!\u8221\'94 Evan forced a smile, but it felt brittle on his lips. \u8220\'93Are you ready?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No,\u8221\'94 Laura confessed, her usual confidence tinged with vulnerability. \u8220\'93Are you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Not the slightest bit!}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  Evan replied.<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26 Laura announced, a triumphant grin spreading across her face, "Operation Scholarship: Phase Three completed!  On to the finale!"}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 They shared a quick, tense laugh before heading back upstairs. As Laura started to ascend, Evan gently caught her arm. She turned, a puzzled look on her face, and glimpsed the uncertainty in his eyes.}}