{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}{\f3\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Bold;}{\f4\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red186\green124\blue93;\red139\green93\blue0;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>[ The energy switches from  the previous scene as Evan does what Evan often does when he feels he getting too close to his pain. He flips a switch and goes back to his more playful upbeat self. ]<!$Scr_Cs::0>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs26\b1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f1\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>(Joking, consciously switching to it upbeat demeanor):<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  "That got heavy fast. I think we can officially crown ourselves the world\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s top offenders of first-date etiquette.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs26\b1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Maggie<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f1\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>(smiling, Gladly joining Evan in the fun):<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  "I will proudly wear that crown!\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs26\b1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f1\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>(grinning, Playful banter):<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  "Time to switch gears. It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s time for a partnership compatibility test. Are you ready?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs26\b1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Maggie<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f1\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>(Gladly playing along):<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  "That sounds interesting. Let\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s take the test!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs26\b1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f1\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>(Confident Maggie will like the wristband idea, his tone is one of humor not seriousness, but he mocks serious):<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  "This isn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t a dealbreaker, but I\u8217\'92d like to know where you stand. After leaving you and Laura at dinner, I went to the ticket booth to check out the options. They have these $15 wristbands that allow us to go on all the rides we want. I know carnival wristband dates are typically relegated to the high school crowd and not mature adults like ourselves. But I really want to go on all the rides! However, I\u8217\'92ll understand if you\u8217\'92d prefer to do something more adult.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>[ Maggie is enjoying this playfulness. This is something she have never experienced on her first date before, maybe any date. She likes how fun Evan is, and her sense of humor matches his. ]<!$Scr_Cs::0>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs26\b1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Maggie<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f1\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>(Playing along):<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  "Adult? Who wants to be an adult? I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d love a wristband date!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs26\b1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f1\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>(Continuing with the fun, sly grin, faking seriousness):<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  "Great! We passed our first compatibility test. Now we have a second decision to make.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs26\b1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Maggie<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f1\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>(Knows Evan is being playful, Enjoying the banter):<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  "A second decision? I hope it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s as easy as the first.\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \tx9000\sa180\sb180\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\ul\ulc0 \tab }
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ql\ltrch\loch \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs26\b1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f1\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>(continue his playful ways):<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  "Me too. If this date played out like dates do in a typical rom-com movie, the next five minutes of the film would show a musically-backed montage of us having a great time on all the rides, enjoying the festival food, smiling, and laughing the entire time.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs26\b1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Maggie<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f1\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>:<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  "That sounds fun! What\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s to decide?\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::2>[ This next line of dialogue is fairly long. If you feel it needs to be broken up, with or without Maggie saying something or responding in between, you have the freedom to do so. If it feels fine as it is, you can leave it as is. ]<!$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ql\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs26\b1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f1\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>(Shares his playful charade of a scenario):<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  "Well, in the movies, the audience would be on the edge of their seat in anticipation of a first kiss. The excitement will build through the montage of scenes. The audience will ask themselves, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91Will they, or won\u8217\'92t they?\u8217\'92 Then, when the date ends, the audience is captivated as they watch the couple\u8217\'92s lips move closer to each other, certain they will kiss. Sometimes, they do kiss, but most of the time, some annoying event disrupts the kiss - leaving the audience in a state of intense anticipation, waiting, wondering when that first kiss will happen. That option is full of excitement and suspense. The other choice is to kiss now. And with the first kiss out of the way, we are free to kiss as much as we want the entire night. Which option would you prefer?\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\plain {\f4\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 [  In this next line of dialogue, as Maggie considers her options "on one hand" and "on the other hand," have her flipping her left arm out and then a right arm out to engage the reader and her physical gestures as she plays along with Evan's mock scenario. ]<!$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ql\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs26\b1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Maggie<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f1\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>(Engaging in the playful charade/scenario):<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  "Hmm, that\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s a tough choice. On the one hand, we could experience the suspense of the uncertainty of a good night kiss, which may or may not happen. On the other hand, we could deprive our adoring fans of that excitement and anticipation and kiss now. Thus freeing us to kiss as much as we wanted the whole night. Did I summarize my options correctly?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs26\b1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f1\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>(Enjoying the fact that Maggie is playing along and their sense of humor as align.):<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  "Perfectly! What will it be?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs26\b1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Maggie<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f1\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>(Flirting):<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  "Well, if I have to choose between a guaranteed kiss and a kiss that may or may not happen, I say forget the audience. I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ll take my kiss now!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Maggie and Evan kissed. Maggie was not prepared for the intensity of Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s kiss. She could feel his emotion as he pressed his lips firmly against hers. She knew it wasn\u8217\'92t passion, at least not the type of passion that comes from desire. As they continued to kiss, the intensity dissipated, and the kisses became softer and gentler.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs26\b1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f1\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>(Disappointed in himself, Evan pulled back from the kiss):<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  "I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92m so sorry. That had to be the worst first kiss ever.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs26\b1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Maggie<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f1\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>(Not disappointed in the kiss it all, honored and touched to share this moment with Evan):<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  "Believe me, Evan, that was not the worst kiss ever. It was a little intense at first but ended quite nicely. I could feel both your pain and your relief in that kiss. Truthfully, I feel honored you would share that moment with me. Especially knowing it helped release some of your pain. I wouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t have wanted the kiss to go any other way.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs26\b1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f1\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>(Smiling in appreciation for Maggie's understanding and then Flipping the switch to the positive again):<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  "The good news is now we can kiss as much as we want! You ready for some rides?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs26\b1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Maggie<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f1\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>(Excited to enjoy the fall festival with Evan.):<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  "More than ready.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \sa160\sl259\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch \f0\fs22\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs22\b0\i0}