{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>The roar of applause faded into the echoing silence of the parking garage. A line of cars inched towards the exit as Maggie turned to Evan, her cheeks still flushed with the afterglow of the performance.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I really, really enjoyed that, Evan. Thank you so much. I\u8217\'92ve never seen a live play before.\u8221\'94 The sincerity in her voice was unmistakable.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 A warmth spread through Evan. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m glad you enjoyed it. I love live theater.\u8221\'94 His smile held a hint of satisfaction.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Maggie nodded, a thoughtful look crossing her face. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I can see why. It\u8217\'92s so much better than a night at the movies.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 The hum of the engine filled the brief silence between them as their car crept closer to the exit. A touch of anticipation mingled with uncertainty in Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s gaze. \u8220\'93When it\u8217\'92s our turn to exit, I could turn left to get to the highway and drop you off at home.\u8221\'94 He kept his voice casual, but his pulse quickened. \u8220\'93Or I can turn right, and we could go back to my place.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Maggie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s breath caught in her throat. \u8220\'93You mean to stay the night?\u8221\'94 There was a slight tremor in her voice.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan nodded, a shadow of vulnerability flashing across his face. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know if I\u8217\'92m ready for that yet, and I didn\u8217\'92t bring a change of clothes or anything,\u8221\'94 Maggie said, her tone tinged with hesitation. Inside, desire and fear clashed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan caught a hint of hesitation in Maggie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes. Keen to put her at ease, he quickly adopted a playful grin. \u8220\'93Did you think I meant for us to sleep together?\u8221\'94 he asked, his tone light. \u8220\'93No, I certainly did not mean that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Maggie tilted her head, her expression softening. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You didn\u8217\'92t?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan gave her a mock-wounded look. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No, of course not. We barely know each other.\u8221\'94 He held her gaze for a moment, a twinkle in his eye. \u8220\'93I wouldn\u8217\'92t sleep with you even if you begged me to.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 A giggle escaped Maggie's lips. The realization hit her \endash  Evan was teasing! \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, Evan, will you please sleep with me? Oh, please sleep with me! I\u8217\'92m begging you!\u8221\'94 Her voice took on a playfully exaggerated, pleading tone.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan feigned deep contemplation, his hand stroking his chin. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Geez, Maggie. I guess I will. If you insist.\u8221\'94 A wide grin spread across his face.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Maggie burst into laughter, the tension of the past few moments dissolving. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You caved fast!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I felt sorry for you, with you begging and all.\u8221\'94 He leaned back in his seat, a playful glint still dancing in his eyes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s playful grin softened as he looked at Maggie, his gaze turning serious and sincere. \u8220\'93I like spending time with you,\u8221\'94 he said, his voice low and earnest. \u8220\'93I have a guest bedroom with a private bathroom. We can find you something to wear to bed. We can have a drink, talk a bit, or watch TV. I\u8217\'92m not expecting anything more. I just don\u8217\'92t want our night to end.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 A blush crept up Maggie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s cheeks. \u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t want our night to end, either,\u8221\'94 she said, her voice barely a whisper. \u8220\'93But I\u8217\'92ve known you less than a week. It\u8217\'92s all moving so fast.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 I get it, Evan thought, a pang of disappointment mingling with understanding. He couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t push her; he genuinely wanted her to feel comfortable. \u8220\'93One more car until the exit,\u8221\'94 he said, keeping his tone light. \u8220\'93If you don\u8217\'92t tell me differently, I\u8217\'92ll turn left and head toward Naperville.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Maggie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s heart raced. She battled an internal storm of desire and hesitation. The prospect of spending the night with Evan held both thrill and fear. It was like standing at the edge of a precipice... a leap of faith with unknown consequences.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 It was Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s turn to exit the garage. He had his left turn signal on, ready to head towards Maggie\u8217\'92s familiar territory.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Maggie's breath hitched in her throat, her heart pounding against her ribs. "Go right!" she blurted out, reckless abandon pushing her beyond her fearful reservations. "Go right!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s heart skipped a beat. Suppressing a triumphant smile, he flicked off his left turn signal and swung the car to the right. An invigorating sense of anticipation filled him \endash  the night was just beginning.<!$Scr_Ps::0>}}