{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Small;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs26\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>As everyone took their usual spots around the poker table, it was clear Evan wasn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t quite ready to join the seated circle. Instead, he stood, energy crackling around him, a sure sign he was gearing up for something more than just a night of cards. The usual banter flowed, with Evan sparking it off with a nudge at Guido, \u8220\'93Before we start taking Guido\u8217\'92s money,\u8221\'94 tossing a playful glance his way. The room burst into laughter, a perfect setup for what was coming.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b0\i0 Guido, never one to miss a beat, fired back, \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Brace yourselves, folks. By the end of the night, it\u8217\'92s your money that will be finding a new home in my wallet!\u8221\'94 The banter had everyone in stitches, pulling them closer in that moment of shared laughter.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b0\i0 But as the laughter faded, eyes started to drift back to Evan. It dawned on everyone that he hadn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t just stood up to stretch his legs. Everyone seemed curious, except for Joe, who seemed more interested in the deck of cards in his hand than Evan\u8217\'92s next words. There was a vibe of expectancy in the air, a collective pause as they awaited Evan\u8217\'92s next move.}
\par\plain \f1\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b0\i0 <!$Scr_Ps::0>}}