{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Bold;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red0\green149\blue223;\red170\green64\blue101;\red76\green76\blue76;\red208\green78\blue124;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf5\fi-./,),(-*,(\li0\lin0}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \sa60\sb240\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs32\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_H::2>Scene Profile: }{\f2\fs28\b1\i0 <$Scr_Cs::1>Scene #20: A \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Great Night\u8221\'94 Kiss<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Cs::1><!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sl120\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f3\fs32\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Ps::2>Summary:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf6 Post-festival, as Maggie and Evan await Laura's arrival to collect Maggie, they find themselves swept up in a moment of affection. Despite their pact to refrain from public displays of affection in Laura's presence, Maggie impulsively kisses Evan goodbye, leaving Laura astounded by their sudden intimacy.<!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sl168\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Ps::2>Leading Context:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf6 In previous scenes, Evan and Maggie agreed to skip the dating game and head straight into a relationship. They even experienced their first kiss prior to the fall festival, and several kisses at the fall festival. This scene picks up after the festival has closed. Evan is waiting with Maggie for Laura to arrive and take Maggie home.<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sl168\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 Setting:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 - Location:}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::5> Side street in downtown Naperville.<!$Scr_Cs::5>}
\par\plain {\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 - Time:}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::5> 10:30 PM<!$Scr_Cs::5>}
\par\plain {\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 - Weather/Environment:}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::5> A cool fall evening.<!$Scr_Cs::5><!$Scr_Ps::4><$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sl168\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 Characters Present:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 - Main Characters:}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::5> Evan, Maggie.<!$Scr_Cs::5>}
\par\plain {\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 - Secondary Characters:}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::5> Laura.<!$Scr_Cs::5><!$Scr_Ps::4><$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sl168\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf7
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 Character Emotional State:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 - Evan:}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::5> Evan is feeling great. He had a fun time at the fall festival. The kissing was great, the hand-holding was great. He was looking forward to the afternoon dates they had planned. Although he only knew Maggie for a day, he felt a strong connection to her - but it wasn't true love. In the next scene, will get deeper into Evan's post date feelings. In this scene, we slightly foreshadow it as Evan holds back the wonderful things he wants to say to Maggie for fear of leading her to believe that love is on the table.<!$Scr_Cs::5>}
\par\plain {\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 - Maggie:}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::5> This is the best date that Maggie ever had. She is falling fast for Evan and is experiencing a state of euphoria in the scene.<!$Scr_Cs::5><!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sl168\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf7
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Ps::2>POV:}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::5> Third person limited, deep (focusing on Evan)<!$Scr_Cs::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sl168\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf6
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 Dialogue Focus:}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::5> Heavy<!$Scr_Cs::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sl168\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 Use of Internal Dialogue:}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::5> Minimal<!$Scr_Cs::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sl168\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 Objectives/Goals:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::6>}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li576\fi-216\sa60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 The reader sees that Maggie is falling fast for Evan.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 The reader will get hints that as much as he likes Maggie, it's difficult for him to go "all in" because Evan doesn't see it ever progressing to true love.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 Narrative elements will summarize the great date they had.<!$Scr_Ps::6>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1  }
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Ps::2>Notes:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf6 This document is the Scene Profile and is meant to be used as a reference. Do not write the scene at this time.<!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf5}