{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Small;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red76\green76\blue76;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \sa120\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0>At the beginning of this chapter, Maggie tells Evan that she is going to take a break from her culinary school so she could spend more time with him. However, the truth is that she doesn't have money to pay for school, and she has to drop out. Laura knows the truth, and has a feeling that Evan can help the situation. Being Laura's best friend, and becoming close friends with Evan, she decides to confide in Evan the real reason that Maggie is quitting school.}
\par\plain \f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf4
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf4 The bulk of the chapter involves Evan and Laura scheming to create a scholarship that is real, but Laura and Evan go out of the way to make sure that Maggie is the only one that ever applies. With Evan as the benefactor, and Laura as the selection committee, Maggie needs only apply to ensure should get the scholarship. With Laura's coaxing, Maggie finally agrees to apply, with no hopes that she will get the scholarship.}
\par\plain \f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf4
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf4 Most of the scenes in this chapter are meant to be funny, as Laura and Evan are not the best schemers in the world and make mistakes along the way. However, somehow in the end it all worked out and Maggie gets the scholarship. Unfortunately, a small mistake along with suspicious actions, lead Maggie to realize who the anonymous donor of the scholarship is. In the process, she also finds out that Laura has been part of the scheme as well. After initial resistance, Maggie accepts the gift graciously.}
\par\plain \f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf4
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf4 However, the end of the chapter takes a turn and energy as Evan questions his own motives, wondering if guilt was the reason he gifted so much money to Maggie.<!$Scr_Ps::0>}}