{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red163\green101\blue209;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>A blast of icy wind rattled the window panes of Maggie and Laura\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s old apartment, a stark contrast to the cozy warmth inside. Vintage Christmas carols played softly in the background as Maggie and Evan curled up on the worn floral couch, a sense of settled ease flowing between them. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 It was early December, and with Laura out Christmas shopping with her boyfriend, they had the place to themselves. It had been five weeks since their relationship officially began, and they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d fallen into a comfortable rhythm, sharing meals between school and work shifts and quiet afternoons like this. However, in the soft light, Evan noticed a shadow in Maggie\u8217\'92s usually bright eyes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s the matter, honey?\u8221\'94 Evan\u8217\'92s voice was soft, laced with concern.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Maggie sighed, the weight of her decision settling like the snowfall outside. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93After this semester, I think I\u8217\'92m going to take a break from school for a while.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan blinked. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But you only have a year and a half left. Why stop so close to the finish?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 A forced smile touched Maggie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s lips. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m always stressed,\u8221\'94 she said, her fingers fidgeting with a loose thread on her Christmas sweater, \u8220\'93and we don\u8217\'92t get to see each other as much as I\u8217\'92d like. If I wasn\u8217\'92t juggling school and two jobs, we could hang out more. Maybe life would slow down a little.\u8221\'94 Her voice drifted off, leaving her unspoken anxieties hanging in the air.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 A wave of guilt washed over Evan, followed by a jolt of panic that tightened his chest. Had his plan backfired? Was she hinting that she wanted to quit school to be with him? He couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t let her sacrifice her future over a year-long relationship!}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan frowned slightly. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Of course, I\u8217\'92d love to see more of you,\u8221\'94 he said, \u8220\'93but I\u8217\'92m not complaining, Maggie. Are you sure about this?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve thought it through.\u8221\'94 Maggie\u8217\'92s words sounded more determined than convincing, the weariness etching itself deeper in the lines of her face. \u8220\'93I need this break.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, you know I\u8217\'92ll support you, no matter what.\u8221\'94 Evan squeezed her hand. \u8220\'93I want you to be happy. Is there anything I can do to help?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Maggie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s expression softened. \u8220\'93Just keep being you. You\u8217\'92ve been amazing.\u8221\'94 Her voice held a touch of melancholy gratitude. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve never been happier with someone. It\u8217\'92s just\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 She trailed off, then shook her head. \u8220\'93The workload, that\u8217\'92s all.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan hesitated. A knot of worry twisted in his gut. Her explanation felt...off, somehow. }{\f1\fs26\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>She wouldn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t lie, would she? Oh my God, what have I done? Her giving up school to be with me was never part of the plan. This is a disaster! <!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 His stomach churned uneasily.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Can we not talk about this anymore?\u8221\'94 Maggie\u8217\'92s voice held a hint of pleading. \u8220\'93I just want to cuddle for a while, forget about everything.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan nodded, trying to mask the growing panic inside him. He pulled her closer, seeking a connection to ground him in this chaotic moment. But as they sat in the dimly lit room, the Christmas music a distant hum, the worry gnawing at him intensified. Something was wrong. Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s heart hammered against his ribs. }{\f1\fs26\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>This wasn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t supposed to happen. Her quitting school would change everything!<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f1\fs26\i1\cf4 <!$Scr_Ps::0>}}