{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Bold;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red0\green149\blue223;\red170\green64\blue101;\red76\green76\blue76;\red208\green78\blue124;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\fi0\li0\lin0}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \sa60\sb240\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs32\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_H::2>Scene Profile: }{\f2\fs28\b1\i0 <$Scr_Cs::1>Scene #22: Thresholds of Hope and Plans<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Cs::1><!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sl120\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f3\fs32\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Ps::2>Summary:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf6 In Liz\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92s office, just before Maggie\u8217\'92s date with Evan, Liz and Evan discuss his unconventional relationship plan. Though skeptical, Liz is curious about Maggie. Meanwhile, Liz stands on the brink of a personal journey, filled with both hope and trepidation, as she and Joe prepare to start the in vitro fertilization process the following day, a decision they\u8217\'92ve considered deeply.<!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sl168\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Ps::2>Leading Context:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf6 This scene takes place six days after Evan that Maggie, and seven days after Evan announced his new relationship plan at the poker party. Since their first date, Maggie and Evan have spent three afternoons together. Maggie has been teaching Evan how to cook, and their connection is strong. However, nothing has changed for Evan and that he feels Sarah is his only love. However, in this scene we will find out that after a bit of soul-searching and advice from Guido, Evan has decided that allowing his guilt and apprehension into the relationship will have no benefit for him or Maggie. For now, at least, he has decided to move forward with his relationship plan, although he hasn't officially declared Maggie to be the first girl for his plan. In this scene, he prepares Liz for Maggie's arrival to the Vaughn group's offices. Additionally, this scene touches on the subplot of Liz's fertility, as she is about to undergo her first IVF process the following day.<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sl168\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 Setting:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 - Location:}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::5> Downtown Chicago. The Vaughn's Groups Office: The Vaughn Group's office, perched on the fourth floor at Wabash and Lake in downtown Chicago, boasts a modern, uncluttered 5,000 square-foot layout. A welcoming entrance leads to a sleek interior, where offices and conference rooms line the periphery, and cubicles fill the core. Decorated with monochromatic photographs of Chicago's iconic architecture and bridges and motivational posters, the office blends business with artistry. A standout feature is the "Inspiration" conference room, adorned with a vibrant abstract painting by Liz's friend Chloe, offering a colorful contrast and serving as a creative muse for the team.<!$Scr_Cs::5>}
\par\plain {\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 - Time:}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::5> 5:00<!$Scr_Cs::5>}
\par\plain {\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 - Weather/Environment:}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::5> A cool fall evening.<!$Scr_Cs::5><!$Scr_Ps::4><$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sl168\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 Characters Present:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 - Main Characters:}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::5> Evan, Liz.<!$Scr_Cs::5><!$Scr_Ps::4><$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sl168\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf7
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 Character Emotional State:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 - Evan:}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::5> Evan's feeling good. He's excited about the surprise he has for Maggie. Their time together over the past week has been a joy. Although he hasn't officially declared her as his girlfriend for his new relationship plan, partially because he wants Liz to meet her, he already knows Liz is going to like Maggie. As soon as he gets the feeling that Maggie likes him enough to be in a relationship for a year, he plans to let the poker gang know the year has started. In this scene, a week with Maggie, soul-searching, and advice from Guido have left Evan in a peaceful state of mind, unlike the previous scene where he was in turmoil, uncertain if he should go through with this plan. Also, Evan is hopeful for his sister. He knows how much she wants children, and he's not far behind in how much he wants nieces and nephews..<!$Scr_Cs::5>}
\par\plain {\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 - Liz:}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::5> Liz is equally excited and nervous about her IVF procedure the following day. This decision did not come easy, as Liz always dreamed of conceiving a child in a natural way. But after a year of failing to get pregnant, and passing her 31st birthday, she and Joe decided to give the procedure a chance. In a way she's glad that she's meeting Maggie tonight, as it is a welcome distraction from her nerves about the IVF. She has no bias one way or the other about Maggie. In that regard, she's curious and intrigued to meet Maggie..<!$Scr_Cs::5><!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sl168\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf7
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Ps::2>POV:}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::5> Third person limited, deep (focusing on Evan)<!$Scr_Cs::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sl168\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf6
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 Dialogue Focus:}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::5> Heavy<!$Scr_Cs::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sl168\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 Use of Internal Dialogue:}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::5> Minimal<!$Scr_Cs::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sl168\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 Objectives/Goals:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::6>}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li576\fi-216\sa60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 This scene will briefly summarize Evan and Maggie's relationship over the past few days.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 The reader will learn that Evan has decided to put his apprehension and guilt aside, and embrace his new plan, as long as Liz approves of Maggie, and Maggie seems interested in a relationship.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 The subplot of Liz's fertility is addressed in this scene. The readers find out that Liz had her last miscarriage a year ago, and has been unable to get pregnant since. Although she always dreamed of having a baby the natural way, her age and desperation caused her to reconsider her options choosing to give IVF a try.<!$Scr_Ps::6>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1  }
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Ps::2>Notes:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf6 This document is the Scene Profile and is meant to be used as a reference. Do not write the scene at this time.<!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf5}