{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>There Sarah was, just gazing out at Lake Michigan, all caught up in the drama of the waves that pretty much mirrored the chaos going on inside her. She kept playing with this simple pendant Evan made for her, which was a far cry from the fancy stuff she usually wore. It got her thinking, why was she so hung up on this piece? It wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t about the cost; it was something more, something that made her heart do somersaults every time she touched it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 The pendant, just a quirky piece made from a doll\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s glasses, always took her back to their first date, to that rush of feelings she had never expected. That night, when Evan showed her the pendant and shared its story, it was the first time Sarah felt something real, something that made her eyes water with genuine emotion. And even now, just remembering that feeling punched through her usual cool exterior, bringing back a wave of nostalgia for the magic they once had.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Switching up her look from her battle-ready business attire, Sarah wore something more chill, like she was trying to wave a white flag rather than gear up for a fight. Her hair, usually all neat and professional, was now loose and wavy, giving off a vibe of the Sarah who used to just go with her heart. This softer look was a big change from her usual self, revealing more of the person she was before all the complications set in.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Sitting there, Sarah was wrestling with a ton of regret. She kept wondering if she should\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve just said no when Evan proposed, maybe sparing them both this heartache. It wasn\u8217\'92t just about the pain they were going through; it was also about how far she had strayed from her own plans for her life. The thought made her breath catch, the air heavy with the sorrow of what if\u8217\'92s.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 The idea of catching Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eye was downright terrifying for Sarah. He was always this beacon of positivity, and she couldn\u8217\'92t stand the thought of seeing that light dimmed by hurt or resentment. That fear had pushed her to leave a note instead of saying goodbye in person. She knew Evan well, his kindness, his hopefulness, and how he\u8217\'92d rather find solace in solitude than spill his sadness everywhere. And yet, she couldn\u8217\'92t shake off the fear of what it would mean to really look him in the eye, to confront the depth of their issues face to face.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 When Sarah saw Liz giving Evan a gentle nudge to check the documents, it was like a tiny bit of relief in the middle of all this mess. Liz\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s understanding smile was a small comfort, a sign that someone got the tough choice Sarah had made, even if it wasn\u8217\'92t the way Evan or anyone else would\u8217\'92ve handled it. Sarah clung to the hope that Liz\u8217\'92s insight would somehow make Evan see why things had to end this way.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Watching Evan go over the paperwork without her hit Sarah unexpectedly hard. She had always kind of seen him as this naive guy who needed her to navigate the boring parts of life. But seeing him there, trying to handle it on his own, stirred up a weird mix of guilt and concern. She couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t help but wonder, how\u8217\'92s he going to manage without me? Despite the turmoil inside her, knowing Liz would be there to guide Evan offered a sliver of comfort, a tiny beacon of hope in the storm that was swirling around Sarah\u8217\'92s heart. <!$Scr_Ps::0>}}