{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Liz returned, notepad and pen in hand, her expression all business, ready to lend her support to Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s unconventional plan\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 but on her terms. She sat down, fixing Evan with a look that was half skepticism, half resolve. \u8220\'93Evan, honestly, this whole scheme sounds crazy to me. But it\u8217\'92s clear you\u8217\'92re set on this. If you want my support, we\u8217\'92re setting some rules to protect both you, and any woman you rope into this... adventure. I\u8217\'92m in, but only if you promise to stick to the rules we come up with, deal?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s response was immediate; his energy infectious as he sprang up and pulled Liz into an enthusiastic side hug, planting a brotherly kiss on her cheek in a burst of gratitude. \u8220\'93Deal! You\u8217\'92re the best, Liz. Seriously, thank you!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Liz, taking the lead with a practical air, looked around the room at their gathered friends. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Alright, team, we\u8217\'92ve got a wealth of wisdom and insight here. Let\u8217\'92s brainstorm some safeguards for Evan\u8217\'92s... let\u8217\'92s call it an \u8216\'91experiment.\u8217\'92 I\u8217\'92ll start us off. And just so we\u8217\'92re clear, I\u8217\'92m agreeing to this madness because I\u8217\'92m hoping against hope that Evan, you\u8217\'92ll find someone special enough to make you ditch this one-year plan.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 She paused, her expression thoughtful, perhaps wrestling with her own doubts about the feasibility of Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s plan. \u8220\'93And, well, if you\u8217\'92re not in love by the end of it, I guess parting ways would\u8217\'92ve happened regardless,\u8221\'94 she added, trying to rationalize the situation, seeking a glimmer of sense in the madness.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 The room, filled with their closest friends and family, turned into a makeshift council, ready to draft the laws of \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91Love, Annually,\u8217\'92 their faces a mix of concern, curiosity, and a willingness to support Evan in his quest, however unconventional it might be.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Liz assumed command, her tone striking a balance between authority and a willingness to collaborate. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Alright, let\u8217\'92s lay down the foundation\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Rule #1: Just as you\u8217\'92ve alluded to, Evan, be the partner she\u8217\'92s looking for, attentive and caring, from the get-go to the end. Rule #2: Unless she poses a threat of some sort, once you commit, you\u8217\'92re in it for the year, no cold feet, even if she doesn\u8217\'92t turn out to be the woman of your dreams. Commit to being Mr. Perfect, no exceptions. And Rule #3,\u8221\'94 she paused, ensuring she had everyone\u8217\'92s attention, \u8220\'93If things get rocky, you\u8217\'92re not allowed to dodge the first two rules by making her want to end things. These rules are in place to make you think twice before jumping in. They\u8217\'92re set in stone. Who wants to add to the list?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Joe, ready to show his support, was quick to jump in. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve got one,\u8221\'94 he announced, hand in the air, \u8220\'93Considering there might be hard feelings post-breakup, it\u8217\'92s wise not to date someone from around here. The last thing Evan needs is awkward run-ins at the supermarket or a local restaurant. So, Rule #4: she should live at least a 45-minute drive away, considering light traffic.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Liz was already noting down Joe\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s input. \u8220\'93Good point, Joe. Evan, does that work for you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s reply was instant, his optimism undimmed. \u8220\'93Totally on board!\u8221\'94 His voice conveyed genuine excitement. The formulation of these rules, rather than feeling like constraints, ignited in him a sense of cautious optimism and the thrill of navigating uncharted waters, a delicate equilibrium he hadn\u8217\'92t anticipated needing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Alicia\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s voice was both caring and commanding as she addressed Evan, \u8220\'93Evan, considering your soft spot for kids, it\u8217\'92s crucial that children aren\u8217\'92t caught up in this scheme. Rule #5: steer clear of single moms for these relationships.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan, showing a look of sincere appreciation, agreed, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s a really important point. Honestly, it hadn\u8217\'92t crossed my mind. Thanks for pointing that out, Alicia.\u8221\'94 His acknowledgment showed his respect for Alicia\u8217\'92s insight.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 With a nod of approval at Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s response, Alicia looked around the room, \u8220\'93Glad you see it that way. Abe, what about you? Any ideas?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Abe, who\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d been thoughtfully following the conversation, finally weighed in. \u8220\'93Well, this might blur into more than one rule, but it\u8217\'92s vital that this doesn\u8217\'92t mimic a typical relationship. Getting entangled in each other\u8217\'92s social and family circles usually happens, but that could complicate things for us. If she becomes part of our group, it could lead to awkward situations. And the deeper you get into her social network, especially with kids, such as nieces and nephews are involved, the tougher the eventual separation. So, Rule #6: keep a distance from her close social and family circles and likewise for us.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Liz, mulling over the conversation and reflecting on Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s affection for children and their family dynamics, chimed in with a thoughtful note. \u8220\'93Evan, following these guidelines about children is non-negotiable. It\u8217\'92s not just for their sake but yours too. You have such a big heart for kids. If you were with someone who has children, I fear you\u8217\'92d stay out of obligation, not love, just to spare them the breakup\u8217\'92s hurt. You deserve to find true love, not settle out of convenience.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan, overwhelmed by the support and guidance from his friends and family, expressed his gratitude, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I can\u8217\'92t thank you all enough. Abe, Liz, this rule session is a lifesaver. I was on a fast track to disaster. Alright, Guido, you\u8217\'92re up. Hit me with your best shot,\u8221\'94 he said, leaning back with an anticipatory grin, ready for Guido\u8217\'92s typically bold input.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Guido, usually the life of any gathering with his humor and antics, approached the topic with an unexpected seriousness. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Liz made it pretty tough on you with those first three rules. I\u8217\'92d be terrified to make any commitment where I was stuck for a year if I didn\u8217\'92t like the girl. There should be a time limit on how long you have to decide on a year-long commitment. You don\u8217\'92t wanna drag the girl along indefinitely. Rule #7 should be; if you\u8217\'92re not ready to commit to a year together after four weeks of getting to know her, you end the relationship at that time. Fish or cut bait, buddy.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Liz\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s approval was swift and sincere. \u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s actually a solid idea, Guido,\u8221\'94 she acknowledged, her words drawing a modest grin from Guido\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a rare departure from his usual overconfident smirk.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan, rubbing his chin thoughtfully, weighed in. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But what if I\u8217\'92m ready to commit before the month\u8217\'92s up?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Guido, surprising even himself with the depth of his contributions, clarified his thought. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You can start a relationship whenever you want, as long as you\u8217\'92re willing to follow Liz\u8217\'92s other rules. That gives me an idea for another rule. Unless you want to turn into someone like me, I think rule #8 should be if you sleep with them at any time in the first four weeks, then your year starts at that moment. This way, you don\u8217\'92t end up in a series of one-night stands.\u8221\'94 His words carried a blend of jest and wisdom, indicative of his complex personality that often hid behind a facade of humor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan nodded, his expression earnest. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m on board with that. If things get intimate, the year-long commitment begins.\u8221\'94 His agreement was punctuated with a resolve that mirrored his desire to distance himself from Guido\u8217\'92s cavalier approach to relationships, aiming instead for something more meaningful and sustained.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Alicia leaned in, her empathy evident as she considered the potential impact of Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s plan. \u8220\'93We gotta think about the woman in this scenario. If everything\u8217\'92s going great and then it just ends, that\u8217\'92s gonna be tough on her. How about we plan the breakup for the Friday after your year\u8217\'92s up? Gives her the weekend to start healing. But, flexibility is key. If she\u8217\'92s facing something big, you wait. Break it off when it\u8217\'92ll cause the least pain,\u8221\'94 she proposed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Liz, nodding in agreement, saw the sense in Alicia\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s suggestion. \u8220\'93Choosing the right moment to end things is crucial. Evan, you need to handle the breakup with care. That\u8217\'92s rule #9 for us. And rule #10,\u8221\'94 Liz continued, her voice growing tender, \u8220\'93I hope you fall for the first woman you try this with. But if not, give yourself a break before jumping into something new. Say, a two-month gap before dating again?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s response was a mix of gratitude and eagerness. \u8220\'93Thank you, everyone. This discussion\u8217\'92s been enlightening. I\u8217\'92m more than ready to try this out, knowing I\u8217\'92ve got these rules to guide me,\u8221\'94 he expressed, his optimism undimmed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Liz\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s gaze swept across the group, her expression softening. \u8220\'93Thank you all for weighing in on this. It means the world.\u8221\'94 She then fixed Evan with a look that was both playful and serious. \u8220\'93Just so we\u8217\'92re clear, Evan, I\u8217\'92m backing you on this conditionally. Stick to the rules, or you\u8217\'92re on your own.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan met her gaze, his eyes sparkling with both humor and respect. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re the boss,\u8221\'94 he assured her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Liz let out a gentle laugh, lightening the mood. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Alright, I\u8217\'92ll tidy up these rules and get copies to everyone tonight. Go ahead and start the poker game. I\u8217\'92ve got a bit more to do here.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Ps::0>}}