{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Bold;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720}{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720}{\listname ;}\listid4}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {Scene 2 is powerful and deeply layered. Here's my analysis, focusing on characterization, emotional portrayal, and the potential for additional nuances: }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b1 Evan's Characterization}{ }
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sb180\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b1 The Broken Vow:}{ This element brings wonderful depth to Evan, revealing a strong inner world shaped by his own past hurt. It makes his present suffering more complex and emotionally relatable. }
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b1 External vs. Internal:}{ You use setting and physical descriptions effectively to convey his turmoil. However, there could be room for more direct insight into his thoughts. Phrases reflecting his mental battle in that moment would create an even stronger internal perspective. }
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b1 Compassionate Nature:}{ This trait helps balance Evan, keeping him from falling into purely bitterness. Showing brief, specific examples of his compassionate actions alongside this description would make it even more tangible. }
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b1 Sarah's Portrayal}{ }
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sb180\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext	 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b1 Contrasting Presence}{ Her effortless elegance vs. Evan's struggle highlights the distance between them. I especially like the detail of her hair, conveying a sense of change. }
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext	 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b1 Missing Emotion:}{ Sarah is painted somewhat ambiguously in the scene. To increase tension, explore how you subtly depict }{\f0\fs26\i1 her}{ inner conflict - perhaps a slight, controlled flinch during the theatrics with the lawyers, or a fleeting, pained glance she quickly conceals before reverting to a distant attitude. }
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b1 Scene Tension and Dynamics}{ }
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sb180\ltrch\loch \ls3\ilvl0{\listtext	 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b1 Atmosphere:}{ The opening with the room and the storm paints a vivid visual. Consider pushing the symbolism further through Evan's observations - not just bleak skies, but perhaps something about the relentless downpour or harsh winds mirroring his inner emotions. }
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\ltrch\loch \ls3\ilvl0{\listtext	 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b1 Focus Shifts:}{ You guide the reader's attention well between Evan's surroundings, his focus on Liz, back to Sarah. This flow emphasizes the key relationships at play. }
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b1 Liz's Presence:}{ Liz emerges as a strong supporting character. Is there potential for an even more pronounced impact in this scene? Could you hint at tension between Sarah and Liz with more than just Liz being absorbed in the paperwork? A slight coolness between them, perhaps, that Evan notices amidst his heartbreak? }
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b1 Small Opportunities:}{ }
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sb180\ltrch\loch \ls4\ilvl0{\listtext	 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b1 Word Choices:}{ Some powerful phrasing exists, like "maelsotrom of his own emotions." Could there be additional places to elevate word choice (not many are needed, but one or two more strong moments to underscore particular emotions) }
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\ltrch\loch \ls4\ilvl0{\listtext	 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b1 Cutting the Abstract:}{ One example - instead of "his desperate need for answers echoing unanswered" explore more concrete manifestations. A specific question forming in his mind, perhaps even one he cannot bring himself to voice, creates a stronger sense of inner struggle. }
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b1 Overall Impression}{ }
\par\plain {This scene is very evocative and a clear step up in conveying depth from Scene 1. It masterfully shows and doesn't merely tell. }
\par\plain {I eagerly await the next scene to see how Evan's pain shapes his decisions and how his relationships evolve around him! }}