{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>*Maggie: "Can you believe that just happened?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 *Laura: "Absolutely! He seemed totally into you, Maggie. I was practically invisible."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Maggie: "Really caught me off guard. It's usually you who gets all the attention. His story...did you think it was genuine?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 *Laura: "Totally bought it. What about you?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Maggie: "Seems a little too good to be true. Maybe he's a pro at this."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 *Laura: "Impossible! The timing was too perfect. That story couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t have been ready-made."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 *Maggie: "Or he's just really quick on his feet."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Laura: "Why doubt it? Even if it's a fabrication, it shows he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s willing to go the extra mile. When's the last time someone tried that hard to ask you out? If he did make it up, I'm even more impressed. But my gut says he\u8217\'92s for real."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Maggie: "Fair point. His effort was something else. Plus, he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s not bad looking."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 *Laura: "Understatement of the year. The man is a knockout! Have you seen those muscles? We need to check his website."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 *Maggie: "But you and I were supposed to go to the festival."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 *Laura: "Maggie, you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re with me all the time. It\u8217\'92s far more thrilling if you give this a shot and fill me in later."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 *Maggie: "And you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re okay not being there to watch over?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Laura: "Absolutely not! You need this. Forget about where it might lead. Isn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t it time you enjoyed just being in the moment?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 **Maggie: "It's just...he seems to want something serious. I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92m swamped as it is. And his apparent wealth...remember my last wealthy boyfriend?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Laura: "Oh, the memories! But seriously, that was about him being a jerk, not his bank account. Evan's not that guy, right?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 *Maggie: "I guess so. But logistics? He's in Highland Park, and my schedule's a nightmare."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 **Laura: "Highland Park is closer than you think. Stop overthinking. Take a chance tonight. Tomorrow can worry about itself."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 *Maggie: "And you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re really okay with this?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Laura: "More than okay. I insist. Let me know how it goes, and I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ll be there to pick you up. We\u8217\'92ll have all night to chat about it. I\u8217\'92m so excited for you!"<!$Scr_Ps::0>}}