{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-BoldItalic;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red0\green108\blue175;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs26\b1\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Sunday, December 7, 2014<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 It was an ice-cold Sunday in the Chicagoland area. Laura was out Christmas shopping with her boyfriend, leaving Maggie and Evan the apartment to themselves.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Maggie and Evan were listening to Christmas music while snuggling on the couch. Evan noticed Maggie seemed a little down.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::1>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s the matter, honey?\u8221\'94 asked Evan.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93After this semester is over, I think I\u8217\'92m going to take a break from school for a couple of years,\u8221\'94 replied Maggie.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But you only have a year and a half left to graduate. Why would you stop now?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m always stressed out, and I hardly ever get to see you. If I quit school for a while, we would get to see each other more often. Maybe I could even quit one of my jobs and relieve some stress. The heavy schedule is wearing me out, and I think I\u8217\'92d be happier if I left school. My credits are good for several years. I can always go back when I feel rejuvenated.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Of course, I\u8217\'92d love to see more of you, Maggie. But I have no complaints. Are you sure you want to take a break?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve thought a lot about it. I am ready for a break.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, you know I\u8217\'92ll support whatever decision you make. I don\u8217\'92t want you to be stressed, and I want you to be happy. Promise me you\u8217\'92ll let me know if there\u8217\'92s anything I can do to help,\u8221\'94 said Evan.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Just keep doing what you\u8217\'92ve been doing. You\u8217\'92ve been amazing. I\u8217\'92ve never been happier in a relationship before. It\u8217\'92s just the workload that\u8217\'92s causing the problem.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Something didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t feel right to Evan. He wasn\u8217\'92t sure if he should dig deeper or leave it be. Maggie would decide for him.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::1>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do you mind if we don\u8217\'92t talk about it anymore tonight? I want to cuddle silently for a while.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Ps::1>}}