{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Liz's doorbell chimed, a signal she interpreted with certainty. "That must be Alicia and Abe. Evan, could you get the door, please?" Though the door stood unlocked in anticipation of their poker night guests, Alicia and Abe Robinson, a conservative couple in their mid-50s, preferred the courtesy of a doorbell ring. To them, it was a gesture of respect.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Alicia and Abe, an African American couple who had tied the knot later in life, were nothing short of distinguished. Their academic and professional accolades were vast, with credentials that could adorn walls extensively. Abe, a philosophy professor with multiple PhDs, had a penchant for suits and ties. He conversed in a deliberate, profound tone, turning even the simplest of texts into a narrative of depth.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Alicia, on the other hand, was a renowned OB/GYN known for her direct approach and steadfast composure. Her path crossed with Liz's during a challenging period of fertility treatments, which, despite their efforts, didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t lead to pregnancy for Liz and Joe. Over time, Alicia transitioned from Liz's doctor to a cherished friend and confidante, providing a pillar of support for Liz, who often bore the weight of being the backbone in her circles.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan, adhering to Liz's request, welcomed Alicia and Abe, exchanging handshakes rather than embraces, mindful of their preference. Their arrival brought Joe into the mix, and the gathering melded into a warm prelude to the evening's main event, awaiting the perpetually tardy Guido.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Guido, Evan's college-time comrade, was a character of grandiose proportions. Towering and robust, his presence was underscored by a vibrant personality and a flair for extravagance, mirrored in his lavish display of gold and an ever-present Rolex. His entrance, never unnoticed, was heralded by his own boisterous announcement, drawing mixed reactions but unwavering affection from Liz, who regarded him with a familial fondness beyond his outward showmanship.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Joe, embodying the essence of a rugged outdoorsman, reveled in these poker nights more than anyone. With everyone assembled, he declared the onset of their monthly ritual, setting the stage for an evening of camaraderie, competition, and the unpredictable dynamics that defined their tight-knit group.}}