{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Corbel-Bold;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red130\green49\blue77;\red170\green64\blue101;\red76\green76\blue76;\red208\green78\blue124;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf6\fi-889\li1280\lin1280}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \sa60\sb240\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs32\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_H::2>Character Profile:<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb120\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf5 Name:}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::1> Maggie O'Brien<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf5 Gender:}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::1> Female<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf5 Age in Book:}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::1> 26 years old.<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb120\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf5 Current residence:}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::1> Naperville, Illinois<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf5 Vehicle Driven:}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::1> An older model Honda Civic in need of significant repair.<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf5 Resembles:}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::1> A redheaded Kate Winslet.<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf5 Eye Color:}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::1> Blue<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf5 Hair Color:}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::1> Red<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf5 Height:}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::1> Average<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf5 Ethnicity:}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::1> First generation Irish American<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf5 Dislikes:}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::1> An important part of the storyline in this book, is that Maggie does not like to be a charity case. It's a struggle for her to accept money from even her closest friends.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Ps::2>Clothing and Fashion Choices: <!$Scr_Cs::1><!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li720\fi-500\sa120\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf6 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf6 Maggie has little money to spend on clothing. Most everything she buys is from a thrift store or a discount department store.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf6 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf6 Maggie despises wearing high heels.<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf5 Relationships: }
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 - Evan: }{\f3\fs22\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::1>She unwittingly becomes the first girlfriend involved in Evan's \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Love, Annually\u8221\'94 relationship plan.<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 - Laura: }{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::1>Laura is Maggie's roommate and best friend.<!$Scr_Cs::1><!$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf7
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Ps::3>Role in Story: }{\f3\fs22\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::1>Maggie becomes Evan's first partner in his "Love, Annually" relationship experiment, marking the beginning of his quest to explore love through structured, year-long commitments.<!$Scr_Cs::1><!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch \f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf6
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Ps::2>In narrative format, provide details about this character:}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1> <!$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b0\i0 Maggie's life is a whirlwind of dedication and determination. Enrolled in culinary school, she navigates her days with a steadfast resolve, her dreams of becoming a chef fueling her through the grind. Financially strapped, she juggles the tightrope of living expenses, sometimes reliant on her roommate's generosity to make ends meet. Her weeks are a blur of work and study; she divides her time between two cooking jobs across six, sometimes seven, days, squeezing in classes every weekday morning. Amidst this relentless schedule, moments for leisure are fleeting. Yet, through it all, Maggie's spirit remains unyielded, her heart generous, even as the shadow of financial stress looms persistently over her.<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}