{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red0\green108\blue175;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan was already at the mailboxes when Laura came down.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0> \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I can\u8217\'92t believe we\u8217\'92re doing this. Is your heart racing as fast as mine?\u8221\'94 whispered Laura as she grabbed Evan\u8217\'92s hand and put it to the top of her chest.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not sure. I think so!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 Laura decided to check for herself. She placed her hand over Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s heart and said, \u8220\'93It is! I don\u8217\'92t think I\u8217\'92ve ever been this excited and scared at the same time.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Me neither,\u8221\'94 said Evan.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 Laura grabbed the mail from the mailbox and stuck the scholarship envelope in between several other envelopes \endash  mostly Christmas cards.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 Evan said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I spent a couple of hours updating the website. If she seems suspicious, show her the website, and she\u8217\'92ll get confirmation she is the official recipient. If we do get caught, don\u8217\'92t use our last-resort tactic until I give you the signal.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 Laura said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Got it! Look at the two of us. We\u8217\'92re nervous wrecks. I\u8217\'92m going to get her to open the mail as soon as possible. Otherwise, she\u8217\'92ll take one look at us and know something\u8217\'92s up.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Good idea! Are you ready?\u8221\'94 asked Evan.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 Laura said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No. You?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 Evan said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No way!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 They both laughed and headed upstairs to the apartment.<!$Scr_Ps::0>}}