{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red186\green124\blue93;\red139\green93\blue0;\red0\green135\blue216;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx9000\sa120\sb120\ltrch\loch \f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0>[ One of my weaknesses of my old writing was that, I didn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t include enough \u8220\'93little gestures and actions\u8221\'94 in my heavy dialogue scenes. For this scene segment, Evan and Liz are going to talk about Evan\u8217\'92s relationship with Maggie, while she\u8217\'92s making their fried bologna sandwiches with milk. Sprinkle in Liz\u8217\'92s actions, and Evan\u8217\'92s actions as you see fit. The kitchen opens up to the family room, so conversation can flow without any physical obstacles. ]}
\par\plain \f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Liz<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4  }{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::2>(The nostalgia has released endorphins that have temporarily put aside her IVF woes. She is feeling better now as she remembers her childhood making Evan these fried bologna sandwiches.)<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 : }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::3>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So how are things with Maggie?\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::3>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4  }{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::2>(Evan\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92s energy picked up.)<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 : }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::3>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s only been a few weeks, but everything\u8217\'92s going according to plan. We\u8217\'92re getting along great! However, I think maybe I\u8217\'92m feeling run down, because I underestimated the energy it takes to drive back and forth to her place, and back and forth to the classes I teach for the foundation.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::3>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Liz<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4  }{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::2>(Inquiring with a tad of skepticism)<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 : }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::3>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Have you been sticking to the rules?\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::3>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4  }{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::2>(Upbeat, but honest about one concern)<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 : }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::3>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yep! Well, there is one rule that I might be struggling with. \u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::3>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Liz<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4  }{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::2>(Concerned and curious)<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 : }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::3>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That doesn\u8217\'92t sound good, which one is that?\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::3>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4  }{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::2>(Thoughtfully explaining)<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 : }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::3>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I know I\u8217\'92m not supposed to get close to the people in her inner circle. But her friend Laura works at home half the time, and so I see a lot of her. We get along great - like two peas in a pod! It\u8217\'92s just friends, nothing more, but I really like her. And I wonder how that will feel, when it comes time to end the relationship?\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::3>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Liz<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4  }{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::2>(Disappointed tone)<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 : }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::3>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Does that mean you\u8217\'92re convinced you won\u8217\'92t fall in love with Maggie?\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::3>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4  }{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::2>(Energy lifting another level)<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 : }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::3>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Maggie is awesome! I absolutely see her as more than a friend. But I had my true love, and as much as I care about Maggie, I just don\u8217\'92t see that happening.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::3>}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 [ Evan could see the disappointed look on Liz\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s face. He was hoping he could see it as he sees it so he continued. ]}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4  }{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::2>(Continuing, Hoping to persuade Liz to see his way)<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 : }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::3>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m telling you Liz, this is a real relationship. We make each other\u8217\'92s lives better. Honestly, I didn\u8217\'92t know my plan would work this well. I couldn\u8217\'92t be happier.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx9000\sa120\sb120\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b1\i0\ul\ulc0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>\~\tab <!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\ltrch\loch \f2\fs22\b1\i0\cf5
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 [ By the time Liz finished making her sandwich and returned to the family room to sit down with Evan, Evan had slowed his eating pace, and was only about halfway through his second sandwich. ]}
\par\plain \f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Liz<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4  }{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::2>(Confessing)<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 : }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::3>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I have to admit your spirits have been high the last few weeks..\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::3>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4  }{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::2>(Humble pride that things are working with this plan)<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 : }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::3>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Exactly! And I am confident, that Maggie is happier too.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::3>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Liz<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4  }{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::2>(Remembering Maggie\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92s car troubles and inquiring)<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 : }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::3>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Speaking of... Were you able to get Maggie\u8217\'92s car repaired?\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::3>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4  }{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::2>(Looking down with a little bit of guilt)<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 : }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::3>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, it\u8217\'92s running great.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::3>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Liz<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4  }{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::2>(Confused by Evan\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92s guilty look)<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 : }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::3>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why do you look like a committed a crime?\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::3>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4  }{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::2>(Explaining)<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 : }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::3>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Maggie\u8217\'92s car was falling apart. It would cost more than it was worth to repair. I took it to Frankie\u8217\'92s garage, and you know he loves us, he gets half his business from our team members.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sl120\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 [Liz nods in agreement. Maybe mumbles an agreement sound or words.]}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sl120\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4  }{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::2>(Continuing)<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 : }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::3>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I explained the situation, and he volunteered to charge only for parts, not labor. He had the edge and rebuild, the transmission rebuilt, he threw in free tires from a car that got totaled. When he was done, he was so proud of his work, that he couldn\u8217\'92t bear to release the car looking like a dump on the outside, when everything else was almost good as new. So he gave the car a paint job at no cost. However, rebuilding the engine and transmission cost more than double what the car is worth.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::3>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Liz<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4  }{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::2>(Scared to ask)<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 : }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::3>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Dare I ask how much?\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::3>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4  }{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::2>(Shaking his head)<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 : }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::3>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No you don\u8217\'92t dare. Of course, I was happy to pay for it all. But given Maggie\u8217\'92s issues with money and learning how opposed she is to receiving gifts, I sort of stretch the truth.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::3>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Liz<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4  }{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::2>(Not liking the sound of that)<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 : }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::3>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, God. Stretch the truth?\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::3>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4  }{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::2>(Confessing his sin)<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 : }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::3>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I had Frankie write up the invoice for only $500, and told Maggie the invoice was lower than normal because Frankie granted me some favors for sending businesses way. Even with that, I had to work hard to get Maggie to accept the repairs as my early Christmas gift to her. Honestly, I don\u8217\'92t know what I would\u8217\'92ve done if Laura wasn\u8217\'92t there to help me.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::3>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Liz<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4  }{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::2>(Mixed feelings.)<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 : }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::3>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Evan, I am proud of what you did. And I can see how your both making each other\u8217\'92s lives better. \u8220\'93 <!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::2>(Liz pauses before expressing her concern)<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::3> \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But with this plan of years, you seem to be stretching the truth a lot.\u8221\'94\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::3>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4  }{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::2>(A bit of shame and Evan\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92s face)<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 : }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::3>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I know I am. But I still haven\u8217\'92t told an actual lie.\u8221\'94 <!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::2>( Evan continues as if trying to convince himself)<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::3> \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And I truly feel I\u8217\'92m adding value to her life. Isn\u8217\'92t that what\u8217\'92s most important? \u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::3><!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx9000\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs22\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4 \~\tab }
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0>[ Liz doesn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t respond, but gives Evan a bit of a skeptical look. The next 30 minutes are a positive flow of nostalgic energy exchange. As they ate their fried bologna sandwiches and drinking milk, stories from their past chaildhood filled the air with energy. After the food was finished...]}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sl120\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4  }{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::2>(Energy levels approaching norms)<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 : }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::3>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I feel so much better.\u8221\'94 <!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::2>(Evan said emphasizing the word \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93so\u8221\'94) <!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::3>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93that was delicious\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::3>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Liz<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4  }{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::2>(Pleased)<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 : }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::3>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Who\u8217\'92d a thunk fried bologna was a cure for what ailed you.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::3>}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 [ There was a silent pause for a moment. Thoughtfulness over came Evan.]}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4  }{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::2>(Sincere, and affectionate)<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 : }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::3>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I feel I don\u8217\'92t tell you enough how grateful I am for all you\u8217\'92ve done for me. You\u8217\'92ve taken care of me since we were kids, and you still doing it. I can\u8217\'92t imagine what I\u8217\'92d be or where I\u8217\'92d be without you. Thank you.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::3>}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 [ Evan\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s words reminded Liz how much she wants to be a mother and unintentionally brought back to Liz\u8217\'92s mind the failure of her IVF procedure. That being said, she was touched beyond words. ]}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Liz<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4  }{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::2>(In tears)<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 : }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::3>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Evan, you have no idea how much I needed to hear that tonight.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::3>}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 [ The scene ends in a warm brotherly/sisterly embrace. ]}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 <!$Scr_Ps::0>}}