{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26 Here are some brief summaries for the main characters that I pulled from book one. I will be providing a few more before I begin with summaries for each book. Evan is the male love-interest and protagonist throughout the book. He is the main character until his ultimate love interest, Chloe appears in book 2. As I will share in following messages, Chloe is a pint-size female character with the giant sized personality. When she enters the picture, while Evan is still a main character, Chloe is the true protagonist for the rest of book 1.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 Book 1, the back story, is about Evan and the woman he would eventually marry, and then divorce, Sarah. Sarah only appears in the 1st chapter of book 2 \endash  the divorce. But she is talked about often during book 2, and then makes a reappearance in book 3.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 Guido, is Evan's best friend. Which is art, because he is so opposite of Evan. While his character has depth, he is often the comic relief in the book. Before I continue with some other characters do you have any questions}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \f1\fs24\b1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1 Evan Vaughn:}{\f0\fs24\b0  a 21-year-old personal trainer, is the quintessential romantic hero. His 6'2", 200-pound frame boasts a lean, athletic build, complemented by hazel eyes and clean-cut medium-brown hair. Balanced between casual and formal styles, his wardrobe echoes his put-together yet easygoing demeanor. Evan's loyalty, respect, and romantic nature fit the Hero archetype, despite his struggles with withdrawal during crises. His journey, characterized by transformation and a firm commitment to love, unveils a deeper complexity beneath his captivating exterior.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi58\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b1 Guido:}{\f0\fs24\b0  His real name Anthony Moretti, is a 21-year-old Italian-American epitomizing the "Guido" persona with his obsessive focus on appearance and affinity for women. Standing at 6 feet and weighing 210 pounds, his muscular frame is always tanned, and his hair perfectly gelled. He flaunts flashy gold jewelry and drives a well-used Honda Civic. Known for his brash, womanizing behavior, Guido plays the "bad boy," hitting on women and treating them like a numbers game. Yet, beneath this facade, he's fiercely loyal to his close friends, willing to help at a moment's notice. His contradictory nature reveals that there's more to Guido than his ostentatious exterior suggests.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b1
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b1 Sarah Wilkins:}{\f0\fs24\b0  21, epitomizes grace and determination. With steely gray-blue eyes and long, blonde hair, she's the valedictorian of Ballard High School and a Business major at the University of Illinois. Intelligent, successful, and generous, she appears cold and distant due to her analytical mind. Despite her work-focused lifestyle, love unexpectedly enters her life through Evan. Sarah's story is about breaking free from her father's expectations, choosing love over legacy, and embracing vulnerability.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs30\b0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs30\b0\cf1}