{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red186\green124\blue93;\red130\green49\blue77;\red170\green64\blue101;\red208\green78\blue124;\red139\green93\blue0;\red76\green76\blue76;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0><$Scr_H::2>Meticulously review the information and strictly follow the instructions from the attached screen profile to write a compelling middle to this scene using the notes and dialogue provided below from the plot/action section. Once completed, we will move on to the end of the scene.<!$Scr_Cs::0>}
\par\plain \f1\fs26\b0\i1\cf4
\par\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs32\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Ps::1>Scene Title:}{\f3\fs32\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> The Last Kiss<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch \f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf6
\par\plain {\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 Plot/Action:<!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Ps::4>- Middle:<!$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf7
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li720\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b1\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::6><$Scr_Ps::5>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::6>}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf9  }{\f1\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>(Trying to persuade):<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf9  \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93I know we had disagreements about what to do next in our life. I don\u8217\'92t see why we couldn\u8217\'92t work them out. You said you want to travel and have a family. That\u8217\'92s precisely what I want.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f4\fs22\b1\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::6>Sarah<!$Scr_Cs::6>}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf9  }{\f1\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>(Explaining):<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf9  \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93I wanted a child, not a big family. And you wouldn\u8217\'92t be the right kind of father.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f4\fs22\b1\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::6>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::6>}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf9  }{\f1\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>(Mildly offended, but wanting to understand):<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf9  \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Why would you say that? You know I love working with kids.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f4\fs22\b1\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::6>Sarah<!$Scr_Cs::6>}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf9  }{\f1\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>(Clarifying herself):<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf9  \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Evan, I know you will be a great father one day. I\u8217\'92m not suggesting otherwise. But we have completely different ideas when it comes to raising children. I want to raise my child like I was raised.}
\par\plain {\f4\fs22\b1\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::6>Sarah<!$Scr_Cs::6>}{\f1\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0> (Explaining)<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf9 : \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93My parents may not have affectionately shown their love, but they made sure I always had what I needed and encouraged me to be the best at anything I did. Instead of playdates, I learned and grew in other ways. I like how I was raised, and I plan to raise my child in the same way.}
\par\plain {\f4\fs22\b1\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::6>Sarah<!$Scr_Cs::6>}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf9  }{\f1\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>(Diving deeper an explanation):<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf9  \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93I know you, Evan. Your idea of parenting will be 90% fun and games and 10% discipline. It will be sports over academics. It will be chaotic at times. And I\u8217\'92m not saying there is anything wrong w}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf9 ith that. It\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92s just not the kind of parenting that works for me,}{\f1\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::0>}
\par\plain {\f4\fs22\b1\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::6>Sarah<!$Scr_Cs::6>}{\f1\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0> (Finishing her point)<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf9 : \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93As far as travel. I want to travel internationally for business. I wouldn\u8217\'92t be happy if I stayed here in Chicago with you. I want to grow a company, and that\u8217\'92s just not what you want.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f4\fs22\b1\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::6>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::6>}{\f1\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>:<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf9  \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93And you don\u8217\'92t think we can find a compromise?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f4\fs22\b1\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::6>Sarah<!$Scr_Cs::6>}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf9  }{\f1\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>(Sincere):<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf9  \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t regret my decision to get married to you instead of getting my master\u8217\'92s degree and pursuing the life I had envisioned. I\u8217\'92ve learned and grown with you in unexpected ways. }
\par\plain {\f4\fs22\b1\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::6>Sarah<!$Scr_Cs::6>}{\f1\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0> (Honest):<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf9  \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93But Evan, I\u8217\'92m living your life, not mine. My only friends are your friends and Liz. Chicago is not my city and not where I feel at home. Now that the company has grown to its maximum size, there\u8217\'92s nothing left for me to do. Liz has operations running like a well-oiled machine. You are doing a great job running the foundation. I need more.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f4\fs22\b1\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::6>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::6>}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf9  }{\f1\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>(Not understanding and seeking clarity):<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf9  \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t agree with anything you\u8217\'92re saying. But I see you made up your mind. What I don\u8217\'92t see is why you left so abruptly and refused to talk to me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f4\fs22\b1\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::6>Sarah<!$Scr_Cs::6>}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf9  }{\f1\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>(Vulnerable):<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf9  \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Because Evan, you still have this power over me. You would find some way to pull out that emotional part of me. You would do something romantic or find a way to persuade me we could make it work. I knew I wouldn\u8217\'92t have had the strength to overcome that. I know this is the right decision.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf9 <!$Scr_Ps::5>}}