{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Bold;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red0\green149\blue223;\red170\green64\blue101;\red76\green76\blue76;\red208\green78\blue124;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\fi0\li0\lin0}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \sa60\sb240\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs32\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_H::2>Scene Profile: }{\f2\fs28\b1\i0 <$Scr_Cs::1>Scene #28: Maggie\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s Futile Resistance<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Cs::1><!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sl120\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f2\fs28\b1\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Ps::2>Summary:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf6 Wearing comfortable sleepwear provided by Liz and follows her nightly routine in the guest bathroom, wrestling with the decision of whether to join Evan. Despite her inner debates, she knows deep down she\loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8217\'92ll succumb to her desire. Lying sideways on the bed, she stares at the ceiling, contemplating her next move. After minutes of reflection, she accepts her feelings and decides to seek out Evan, embracing the inevitability of their growing connection.<!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sl168\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Ps::3>Leading Context:}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf6 In the scene just before, Evan tenderly massages Maggie's sore feet, a sweet relief from the tight clutches of undersized high heels. Amid the soothing strokes, Evan subtly broaches the idea of an exclusive relationship, not quite asking but clearly implying his interest. Maggie's initial hesitance slowly dissolves throughout their exchange, her resistance to labeling their burgeoning connection fading as her attraction to Evan deepens. Despite the magnetic pull towards him, Maggie musters the willpower to retreat to the guest bedroom after their date, adorned in the cozy flannel pajamas Liz thoughtfully supplied, instead of succumbing to the temptation of Evan's room following their heartfelt goodnight kiss.<!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sl120\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf6
\par\plain \f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf5
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Ps::2>Setting:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 - Location:}{\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::5> Evan's Guest Bedroom.<!$Scr_Cs::5>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 - Time:}{\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::5> Shortly After midnight<!$Scr_Cs::5>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 - Weather/Environment:}{\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::5> N/A<!$Scr_Cs::5><!$Scr_Ps::4><$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sl168\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 Characters Present:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 - Main Characters:}{\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::5> Maggie.<!$Scr_Cs::5><!$Scr_Ps::4><$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sl168\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf7
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 Character Emotional State:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::5>- }{\f3\fs22\b1\cf7 Maggie}{\f4\fs22\b0\cf7 : }{\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 Maggie's initial sense of relief for reaching the guest bedroom, rather than succumbing to her desire to spend the night with Evan, quickly fades. As she goes through her nightly routine\hich\f4 \emdash \loch\f4 removing makeup, brushing her hair and teeth\hich\f4 \emdash \loch\f4 she battles with herself. She attempts to convince herself that she won't go to Evan's bedroom, believing she has the strength to resist her growing desires. Yet, as she finishes her routine and confronts the solitude of the empty bed, she realizes her resolve is weaker than she thought. Despite her inner turmoil, she doesn't immediately give in; instead, she lies on the bed for a brief period, a small act of defiance, before inevitably deciding to seek out Evan.<!$Scr_Cs::5><!$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sl168\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf7
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Ps::2>POV:}{\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::5> Third person limited, deep (focusing on Maggie)<!$Scr_Cs::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sl168\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf6
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 Dialogue Focus:}{\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::5> None<!$Scr_Cs::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sl168\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 Use of Internal Dialogue:}{\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::5> Moderate to Heavy<!$Scr_Cs::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sl168\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 Objectives/Goals:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::6>}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li576\fi-216\sa60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 We want the readers to feel Maggie's emotions and conflict as she finally acknowledges that her desires will overcome her hesitance, and perhaps, her better judgment.<!$Scr_Ps::6>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sl120\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf1  }
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Ps::2>Notes:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf6 This document is the Scene Profile and is meant to be used as a reference. Do not write the scene at this time.}
\par\plain {\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf6 <!$Scr_Ps::3>}}