{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Bold;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red186\green124\blue93;\red139\green93\blue0;\red0\green108\blue175;\red130\green49\blue77;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch \f4\fs32\b1\i0\cf7
\par\plain {\f0\fs30\b0\i0\cf1 Hearing Evan's voice and realizing guests were beginning to arrive, Joe emerged from his man cave in the basement to join Liz to greet their guests as they arrived.  He greeted Evan with a customary-style greeting, 'How's it going, man? Good to see you!' strong handshake, and one of those one armed man-to-man hugs.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs30\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0>[ Since this is Joe's first presence in book 2, provide a physical description of him in the scene. ]<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs30\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Liz\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s doorbell rang. }
\par\plain {\f2\fs28\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Liz:<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6  }{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That must be Alicia and Abe. Evan, can you answer the door for me?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Although Liz always left her door unlocked for the poker party guests, the conservative couple, Alicia and Abe Robinson, always rang the doorbell. From their perspective, that was the respectful thing to do.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Alicia and Abe were an African American couple in their mid-50s that married later in life. They were a distinguished pair with enough degrees, diplomas, certificates, and awards to cover any size wall.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Abe had multiple PhDs and was a philosophy professor at a distinguished University. Abe typically wore a suit and tie. He spoke slowly and thoughtfully in a deep voice. His delivery sounded so sophisticated he could make a reading of Dr. Seuss sound like Hemingway\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s greatest work.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Alicia was a highly respected OB/GYN. She had a no-nonsense approach to life and remained cool under pressure. Liz sought professional help due to her struggle to get pregnant. That\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s how she met Alicia, a fertility expert. Unfortunately for Liz and Joe, none of their fertility treatments resulted in a pregnancy.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Eventually, Liz and Joe decided to let nature determine their parental fate. Liz and Alicia\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s relationship transitioned from doctor/patient into a good friendship. Alicia played an important role in Liz\u8217\'92s life. Liz was the matriarch in both her personal and professional worlds. While she cherished that role, she valued having someone to turn to when she needed help or advice. Alicia fulfilled that role for Liz.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan answered the door. Alicia and Abe greeted Evan with a firm handshake. Evan had learned these two were not the hugging type. Hearing the doorbell ring, Joe came into the kitchen, and this group of five chitchatted over drinks and snacks, awaiting their final poker guest, Guido.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 As usual, Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s best friend since college, Guido, arrived late. Everything about Guido was big. He was over 6 feet tall, muscular, boisterous, and loud. Guido was a successful investment broker. He was draped in gold jewelry, wore an expensive Rolex watch, and always looked as if his whole day was spent in a tanning salon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 He spoke loudly in a streetwise Italian voice that sounded like a combination of Joey Tribbiani from the show \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Friends\u8221\'94 and comedian Andrew Dice Clay. Most people saw Guido as a cocky, arrogant womanizer. Guido considered that perspective a compliment.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Guido let himself in, made his way to the kitchen, and grabbed himself a beer before.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs28\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Guido<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6  }{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::2>(loud and full of bravado): <!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hey everybody! The Guido is here! I hope you all brought your money because I am feeling lucky tonight!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 While Guido always seemed to trigger an eye roll from Alicia, Liz felt nothing but affection for him. She saw his brash style and bravado as nothing more than a misleading persona. She loved Guido like a younger brother.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs28\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Liz<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6  }{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::2>(lovable and affectionate as always):<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6  }{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Guido, come give your big sis a hug!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Guido complied in Guido-like style, lifting Liz in the air and spinning her around before placing her back down.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Joe Bennett was a big barrel-chested lumberjack of a man with red hair, a beard, and a mustache to match. Joe worked as a foreman at a local construction company.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Joe seemed to enjoy the monthly poker parties the most. He sat down at the poker table  first. }
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs28\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Joe<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6  }{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::2>(anxious to get the game started):<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Let the games begin!\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::3><!$Scr_Ps::3>}}