{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red163\green101\blue209;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>The guest bedroom exuded an air of meticulous care. A queen-size bed, its crisp sheets tucked with practiced precision, dominated the space. The adjoining guest bathroom gleamed, a testament to thoughtful preparation. Hairdryer, stacks of fluffy towels, even individually wrapped toothbrushes \endash  every conceivable need for an unexpected guest lay neatly in its place.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Maggie moved through her nightly routine with a familiar rhythm. She brushed her hair, the rhythmic strokes belying the frantic pulse of her thoughts. }{\f1\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>I don't have to sleep with him<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f1\fs26\b0\i1 ,}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  she told herself, her grip firm on the hairbrush. }{\f1\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>It's just one night. Why make it complicated?<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  With a sigh, she turned to the sink, removing her makeup with practiced efficiency.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Each swipe of the remover, each splash of water, was a tiny victory. }{\f1\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>I am strong.<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  The mantra echoed in her head, yet as the last traces of mascara disappeared, so too did her manufactured resolve.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Switching off the bathroom light, she surveyed the perfectly made guest bed. It seemed to mock her with its emptiness, a stark reminder of the choice before her. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Maggie slipped off the flannel pajama bottoms with a barely audible sigh. }{\f1\fs26\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>Much better, I always get too warm wearing pants to bed anyway<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f1\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 , }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 she told herself, trying to ignore the real reason. She knew deep down she was ditching them because heading to Evan's room in baggy flannels wasn't exactly the vibe she wanted to go for.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 A sigh, heavy with resignation, escaped Maggie's lips as she crossed to the starkly empty bed. With an exaggerated motion, she flung herself backward, arms wide, landing in the center of the pristine bedding. This moment of theatrical defiance was her final act of resistance; she gazed up at the ceiling, trying to convince herself that a fifteen-minute delay would somehow register as a minor victory against her inevitable surrender to the desire blazing within her.<!$Scr_Ps::0>}}