{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red163\green101\blue209;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Evan paced the cramped entryway by the mailboxes, the echo of Christmas music drifting down from the apartment above. A familiar tightness coiled in his chest\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a mix of excitement and the first prickle of unease. The sound of hurried footsteps echoed on the stairs, and Laura burst into view, a whirlwind of nervous energy.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What took you so long?\u8221\'94 she hissed, tucking a wayward strand of hair behind her ear. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sorry! Traffic was insane. I swear I left early,\u8221\'94 Evan replied, his voice a touch higher than usual. \u8220\'93You wouldn\u8217\'92t believe the gridlock. Do you have the envelope?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sure do!\u8221\'94 Laura said, reaching under the back of her sweater, pulling the scholarship envelope from the waistband of her jeans where it was hidden. \u8220\'93Here, hold this.\u8221\'94 she said, handing the envelope to Evan, freeing her hands to open the mailbox and retrieve several items of mail, mostly Christmas cards.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 She divided the pieces of mail in half, signaling with her head for Evan to put the envelope in the middle. He did, and she sandwiched the letter with the rest of the mail, making it one stack.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I can\u8217\'92t believe we\u8217\'92re doing this,\u8221\'94 she breathed, clutching his hand to the top of her chest. \u8220\'93Is yours beating this fast?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan blinked, momentarily startled when Laura impulsively grabbed his hand, placing it over her heart. A surprised laugh bubbled up as he felt the echo of her frantic pulse. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8230\'85 I think so?\u8221\'94 he managed, his voice a touch breathless.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 She pressed her hand against his chest, a teasing smile playing on her lips. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It is! I don\u8217\'92t think I\u8217\'92ve ever been this excited and scared at once!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 His voice held a newfound tremor that matched hers. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Me neither.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I updated the website last night,\u8221\'94 he said, voice barely above a whisper. If she seems suspicious, show her the website, and she\u8217\'92ll get confirmation she is the official recipient. If we do get caught, don\u8217\'92t use our last-resort tactic until I give you the signal.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Laura nodded, determination burning in her eyes. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Got it. Look at us\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 ,a pair of nervous wrecks!\u8221\'94 She squeezed his hand. \u8220\'93Let\u8217\'92s get her to open that mail ASAP. One look at us, and she\u8217\'92ll know something\u8217\'92s up.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Good idea!\u8221\'94 Evan forced a smile, but it felt brittle on his lips. \u8220\'93Are you feeling ready?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No,\u8221\'94 Laura confessed, her usual confidence tinged with vulnerability. \u8220\'93Are you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Not the slightest bit!\u8221\'94 Evan replied.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, ready or not, here we go,\u8221\'94 Laura announced, a triumphant grin spreading across her face. \u8220\'93Operation Scholarship: Phase Three completed! On to the finale!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 They shared a quick, tense laugh before heading back upstairs. As Laura started to ascend, Evan gently caught her arm. She turned, a puzzled look on her face, and glimpsed the uncertainty in his eyes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Laura,\u8221\'94 he began hesitantly, the words catching in his throat. \u8220\'93Are we sure we\u8217\'92re doing the right thing? This... it feels like we\u8217\'92re tricking Maggie.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Laura\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s expression hardened slightly, but her voice remained steady. \u8220\'93Is the scholarship legitimate?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes,\u8221\'94 Evan admitted, confusion mingling with his unease.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Did you set up a fair selection committee? Wasn\u8217\'92t that me?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes,\u8221\'94 he said again, the questions starting to feel like an interrogation.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Did you make it available to everyone who qualified?\u8221\'94 Laura pressed on relentlessly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan nodded, a reluctant affirmation.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Laura softened her tone, but her eyes remained fixed on his, unwavering in their resolve. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Look, Evan, I get why you\u8217\'92re conflicted. You\u8217\'92re a good guy. But this is what\u8217\'92s best for Maggie, and sometimes...\u8221\'94 she hesitated, searching for the right words, \u8220\'93...sometimes a little deception is necessary for a greater good.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But what if we\u8217\'92re wrong?\u8221\'94 Evan asked, his voice barely above a whisper. \u8220\'93What if we could just tell her? Maybe it would be better that way.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Laura sighed, a hint of frustration in her voice. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sure, if Maggie wasn\u8217\'92t so stubborn!\u8221\'94 She threw her hands up in exasperation. \u8220\'93We both know she\u8217\'92d refuse it if we were upfront, no matter how much we pleaded. This way, she accepts the scholarship, and maybe, down the line, we tell her the truth.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan remained silent, raking a hand through his hair in a gesture of a troubled thought. Laura\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s words struck a chord, yet the guilt gnawed at him}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I just\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 he started, then trailed off, unsure how to voice his lingering doubts.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Laura\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s expression softened as she reached out, squeezing his hand. \u8220\'93I know,\u8221\'94 she said quietly. \u8220\'93I have no doubts. Zero. Nada. It\u8217\'92s going to change her life. Sometimes we have to break the rules for the right reasons.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s mind flashed back to Guido\u8217\'92s recent advice, the words echoing in his head: \u8220\'93Feeling guilty isn\u8217\'92t doing anyone any good.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Laura was right. And so was Guido. This was about Maggie, not about his own conscience. There was no turning back now, and besides, Maggie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s life was about to change for the better. He remembered Guido\u8217\'92s words: }{\f1\fs26\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re either all in or all out.\u8221\'94 <!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d been vacillating, but now it was time to be decisive}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan straightened his shoulders, a newfound determination chasing away the last vestiges of doubt. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then what are we waiting for?\u8221\'94 he said, a genuine smile finally spreading across his face. \u8220\'93Let\u8217\'92s get moving. On to the finale!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Let me know if you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d like any adjustments to the intensity of the conflict or dialogue. I tried to make it both believable and emotionally resonant!<!$Scr_Ps::0>}}