{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {That's a crucial change in her energy; thank you for the clarification! It seems the key here is emphasizing both Maggie's inner amusement and that hint of being charmed despite trying to maintain a pose of skeptical disbelief. Let's try a revision focusing on that specific contrast:}
\par\plain {Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s timing was almost comical as he slipped into the seat before she could even reply to Laura, turning a disarming grin her way. This whole situation was ridiculous, like something out of a bad rom-com\u8230\'85 and strangely exciting. "How about me?" he asks, that blue gaze unwavering.}
\par\plain {[Maggie - Surface]: This guy\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 the sheer nerve of it all really is impressive. It's practically performance art at this point. Should I act shocked? Play it cool? Honestly, this absurdity has me grinning too \endash  Laura probably notices. Can't blame her.}
\par\plain {[Internal Flash]: Okay, fine, it's definitely the eyes. Forget charming, those things are weapons-grade charisma. It's not fair at all... and strangely a bit thrilling. He looks so sure of himself \endash  can he really expect an instant 'yes' with that opener? Maybe he actually can\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 oh boy.}
\par\plain {"Forgive me for barging in. My name's Evan." He shakes Laura's hand with a smile - that smile - aimed directly at her. Traitor! Laura thinks this all makes for fabulous entertainment, even though Maggie tries to telepathically convey skepticism in her friend's direction. It's no use. His offer hangs in the air, waiting for Maggie to speak. "And you might be...?"}
\par\plain {[Maggie - Surface]: "Maggie." No need to drag this out \endash  might as well get it over with and watch the inevitable unfold. I should give Laura a hard time for this later, or at least demand extra brownie points\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85}
\par\plain {[Internal Flash]: That jolt when he asked my name was NOT on the plan for tonight. Butterflies were definitely not invited to this party. It's stupid, really \endash  this can't go anywhere good. Yet here I am, completely distracted wondering what comes next...}
\par\plain {"The truth is, this probably sounds completely bonkers, but\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 Maggie holds her breath. Showtime. This should be interesting \endash  does he go full-blown Shakespearean sonnet at a casual cafe, or is something tamer in store? Part of her feels giddy at the sheer unpredictability.}
\par\plain {Notes:}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sb180\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	 \uc0\u8226 	}{Amused Skepticism: While her comments express doubt, they highlight that she's in on the 'joke' as much as him. It's less resistance than playfully calling out his outlandish approach.}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	 \uc0\u8226 	}{Inner vs. Outer: Her surface is trying to remain collected, while those flashes tell a very different story - she's flustered, impressed, and the tiniest bit swept away despite herself.}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sa180\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	 \uc0\u8226 	}{Laura as Foil: Her implied amusement reinforces how impossible it is for Maggie to keep fighting this battle even internally. Her 'resistance' becomes comedic rather than a true conflict.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {Let me know how this version sits! We can dial up even more of that smitten undercurrent, but I wanted to ensure this balance feels authentic rather than tipping Maggie into too quick a swoon.}
\par\plain {It sounds like your next scene with Laura can then further solidify her shift into "let's just see where this goes" with added humorous jabs from Laura at Maggie's fading reluctance!}}