{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {That's a very helpful clarification \endash  it sounds like it's less about an internal battle with Maggie, and more about the disbelief gradually giving way to flattered surprise. Here's a revised attempt, aiming for the "adorable charm" factor over any lingering cynicism:}
\par\plain {Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s timing wasn't just bold, it bordered on the absurd. One moment it was her and Laura chatting, and the next\u8230\'85 this grinning stranger was stealing the spotlight. Who does that? He's aiming those piercing blue eyes directly at her and asks, "How about me?" with an earnestness that almost makes her giggle.}
\par\plain {[Maggie - Surface]: Maybe a giggle wasn't such a bad idea. No suave line would've caught me so off guard as that simple question. Plus, those dimples when he flashes that smile could almost make up for the audacity of it all. Almost.}
\par\plain {[Internal Flash]: Did\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 did Laura kick me under the table? This can't be serious. I mean, look at him\u8230\'85 this isn't how guys like this act in the real world, let alone at some random caf\u233\'E9. Is he actually doing this, or am I in some weird rom-com fever dream?}
\par\plain {"It's nice to meet you, Evan." He takes Laura's hand with a genuinely appreciative handshake, eyes never leaving Maggie's face. Oh, this guy knows what he's doing. His gaze holds steady, but not in a creepy way \endash  more like... he's already decided something, and now he's waiting for her answer. "And your name is?"}
\par\plain {[Maggie - Surface]: "Maggie." Better get this show on the road and put him out of his misery. Though, I won't lie, there's a small treacherous part of me wanting to see how he wriggles back from this overly ambitious opening act.}
\par\plain {[Internal Flash]: I mean, he looks harmless enough. Okay, more than harmless. If all guys trying to pick me up looked like this, my problems would be very different. Wait, was that too loud? Did he hear my thoughts? Oh god, I hope not...}
\par\plain {"The story I'm about to tell you is going to seem completely off the wall, but\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85" Oh, here we go, time to unleash the crazy. Is the Universe sending her a direct message, or is this man actually delusional? She almost wishes there was a hidden camera crew here; if you're going to go down in flames, might as well have an audience...}
\par\plain {Changes & Rationale:}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sb180\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	 \uc0\u8226 	}{Focus on Charm: Maggie is playfully caught off guard more than skeptical. This shifts her inner thoughts into flustered curiosity, not trying to dissect his motives.}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	 \uc0\u8226 	}{Internal Honesty: Her finding him attractive/disarming plays a greater role, making her doubt seem temporary disbelief versus true suspicion.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	 \uc0\u8226 	}{Subconscious vs Surface: This tension highlights the contrast between what she says outwardly (amused disbelief) and what her gut instinctively reacts to (unexpected flattery).}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sa180\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	 \uc0\u8226 	}{Laura's role: Less emphasized here since Maggie's primary drive is her own shocked excitement, but later can play a part once Evan goes into further detail.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {Does this strike a better balance? Would you like a bit more "adorableness" on the charm factor, or are we on the right track here? Let me know if you want to see how this intercuts with Evan's lines further, or tweak this before adding more of their back-and-forth to see how the rhythm feels as a full scene!}}