{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Bold;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red0\green149\blue223;\red170\green64\blue101;\red76\green76\blue76;\red208\green78\blue124;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\fi-1569098849\li-./,),(-*,(\lin-./,),(-*,(}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \sa60\sb240\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs32\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_H::2>Scene Profile: }{\f2\fs28\b1\i0 <$Scr_Cs::1>Scene #18: Maggie and Evan Break First Date Rules<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Cs::1><!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sl120\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f3\fs32\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Ps::2>Summary:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf6 Maggie and Evan throw caution to the wind, skipping traditional first-date norms to rapidly deepen their connection. Drawing inspiration from Sarah's innovative approach to first dates, Evan persuades Maggie to embark on a relationship with him. Their encounter culminates in a deeply moving moment, setting a profound tone for their journey ahead.<!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sl168\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Ps::2>Leading Context:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf6 In the previous scene, Evan went to check out the phone festival, leaving Laura and Maggie time to finish the dinner and search Evan's company website to find out more about him. While Maggie still is both apprehensive and resistant to going to the fall festival with Evan, Laura wears her down and Maggie agrees to accompany Evan at the fall festival. This scene picks up where Evan returns to pick up Maggie and they head to Naperville's Riverwalk to get to know each other before the phone festival. Evan was able to eliminate whatever apprehension and resistance Maggie still have left, and she agreed bypass the dating phase and begin a relationship with him. The mood swings from high to low at the end of the scene, when Maggie innocently asks about Evan's ex-wife, Sarah, providing a downturn of Evan's emotions at the end of the scene.<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sl168\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 Setting:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 - Location:}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::5> Riverwalk Naperville, Illinois. The Naperville Riverwalk, often referred to as the "crown jewel" of Naperville, Illinois, presents a picturesque setting that winds along the DuPage River. It is a favorite spot for locals and visitors alike, offering a serene and beautiful backdrop for a leisurely stroll or a romantic walk. The Riverwalk features beautifully landscaped paths, charming bridges, and ornate fountains, creating a tranquil environment amidst the bustling city. Along the way, there are ample benches for sitting and enjoying the natural beauty, as well as sculptures and artwork that add a cultural touch to the experience. The Riverwalk also hosts a variety of amenities, including an outdoor amphitheater for public events, a children's playground, and the historic Centennial Beach, turning the area into a lively hub of activity.<!$Scr_Cs::5>}
\par\plain {\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 - Time:}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::5> Shortly after sunset.<!$Scr_Cs::5>}
\par\plain {\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 - Weather/Environment:}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::5> A comfortable fall day \endash  moderate temperature.<!$Scr_Cs::5><!$Scr_Ps::4><$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sl168\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 Characters Present:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 - Main Characters:}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::5> Evan, Maggie.<!$Scr_Cs::5>}
\par\plain {\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 - Secondary Characters:}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::5>  Laura.<!$Scr_Cs::5><!$Scr_Ps::4><$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sl168\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf7
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 Character Emotional State:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 - Evan:}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::5> Evan begins the scene quite nervous. He's worried that he came off as a fool and that Maggie would not be at the restaurant when he returned. His enthusiasm skyrocketed when he saw that Maggie and Laura had waited for him. While he would've been happy to have Laura join them, he was glad that Laura left them alone to get to know each other. The bulk of the scene is Evan going into problem-solving mode, with a touch of light humor along the way, knocking down Maggie's objections and concerns one by one until finally she relents and agrees to start a relationship with him. At that point, Evan is extremely excited. However as the scene ends, Maggie innocently asks about Sarah, bringing Evan's energy way down. The scene ends with Evan uncharacteristically  opening up to Maggie and admitting his pain. He is comforted by her hug to end the scene.<!$Scr_Cs::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 Special Note: }{\f3\fs22\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::5>As the scene goes along, it\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92s essential to understand that Evan is still writing the confidence that the Universe had connected Maggie and him. As Maggie tells Evan all the reasons she thinks the relationship can\u8217\'92t work, throughout the scene, Evan perceives this as even more evidence that this was meant to be. He\u8217\'92s conscious of Liz\u8217\'92s \u8220\'93Love, Annually\u8221\'94 rules that warn him not to get too close to her inner circle, that the woman be at least 45 minutes away, etc. In Evan\u8217\'92s mind, the fact that she has limited free time per week and lives an hour away suits his plan perfectly. They can enjoy each other\u8217\'92s company without getting too close, and Evan\u8217\'92s mind one year is up; it\u8217\'92ll be more like friends going their own way than soulmates breaking up.<!$Scr_Cs::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 - Maggie:}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::5> While Maggie finally admits that she likes the idea of being in a relationship with Evan, she provides reason after reason why she doesn't think it'll work. As Evan knocks down each of the concerns one at a time, her resolve weekends until she finally agrees. At the beginning of the scene, Maggie's almost resigned to her belief that this will be a fun night with Evan and go no further. However, as Evan easily overcomes her concerns, she gets more optimistic as the conversation flows along. Ultimately her and Evan's enthusiasm converge near the end of the scene as they agree to start a relationship. However, she feels great compassion for Evan when she innocently asks a question about Sarah. The scene ends with her expressing her compassion with a warm gentle hug, consoling Evan.<!$Scr_Cs::5>}
\par\plain {\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 - Laura:}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::5> Laura makes a brief appearance at the beginning of the scene. She is excited for Maggie and Evan for their first date. She agrees to return at the end of the night to pick up Maggie, and is looking forward to hearing all the details. In a bit of a humorous exit, she passes off Maggie like a baton to Evan before heading home.<!$Scr_Cs::5><!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sl168\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf7
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Ps::2>POV:}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::5> Third person limited, deep (focusing on Evan)<!$Scr_Cs::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sl168\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf6
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 Dialogue Focus:}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::5> Heavy<!$Scr_Cs::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sl168\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 Use of Internal Dialogue:}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::5> Minimal<!$Scr_Cs::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sl168\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 Objectives/Goals:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::6>}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li576\fi-216\sa60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 We learn more deeply about Maggie's aversion to money and men with money.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 We see a significant part of Evan's personality, that of a problem solver. He easily resolves all of Maggie's concerns.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 The reader will see that while Maggie and Evan may not be soulmates, they do have a chemistry that could be described as more than friends.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 In the final moments of the scene, we see, for the first time, how much pain Evan still harbors more than year after the divorce. And in that same moment we see the great compassion of Maggie. <!$Scr_Ps::6><$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sl168\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 Notes:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf6 This document is the Scene Profile and is meant to be used as a reference. Do not write the scene at this time.<!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf5}