{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red163\green101\blue209;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Laura practically bounced in her chair, unable to contain her excitement. Nestled in a corner of the living room, she sat at her small desk, surrounded by clutter. Maggie bustled in the kitchen, preparing dinner. Laura took a deep breath, steadying herself. }{\f1\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>Time to commence Operation Scholarship\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 it\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s go time.<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  With a flourish, she clicked the link Evan had sent, the scholarship website opening before her. Now, how to convince Maggie after so many disappointments? A surge of optimism countered the familiar twinge of doubt.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hey, Maggie,\u8221\'94 she began, a touch too brightly, while Maggie sliced vegetables at the counter. \u8220\'93I found something while looking online. A scholarship that might be perfect. It\u8217\'92s kind of a holiday thing, and they\u8217\'92re only taking applications this week. Just think, you could know by Christmas Eve!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Maggie didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t even turn around, her voice tired. \u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s the point, Laura? I\u8217\'92ve tried so many, gotten my hopes up... I\u8217\'92m okay with leaving school, really.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Laura\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s smile wavered. Frustration prickled under her skin. }{\f1\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>Maggie can\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t give up now!<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Maggie, please. Just give this one a shot. For me? I\u8217\'92ll even fill out the whole application. All you have to do is sign a thing they email you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Maggie finally turned, a sign of resignation in her eyes. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t want to get excited just to be let down again, Laura. The break will be good for me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 A jolt of determination surged through Laura. This had to work. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So. Can I fill out the application on your behalf?\u8221\'94 Laura asked. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Maggie sighed, shoulders slumping. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Fine. Do what you want. But I\u8217\'92m not getting involved.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 A flare of triumph rose in Laura. Phase one, almost there! Fingers flying across the keyboard, she filled out the application in record time, hardly able to contain her excitement. Maggie turned back to her vegetables, a resigned sigh escaping her. With a final flourish, Laura hit \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91submit\u8217\'92, then paused... all she needed was that e-signature. Now, how to get it without raising suspicion?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 She grinned at Maggie, struggling to keep her voice casual. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They need your e-signature to finalize it. Can you check your email?\u8221\'94 Laura eye\u8217\'92d Maggie\u8217\'92s phone sitting on the nearby table. Every muscle in her body wanted to leap up and snatch it. \u8220\'93If you let me use your phone, I can do it for you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Maggie sighed. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Go ahead. You can waste your time if you want to. Nothing\u8217\'92s going to come of it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 A surge of adrenaline shot through Laura. She practically dove for the table, scooping up Maggie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s phone with hands that trembled ever so slightly. Fighting the urge to do a victory dance, she focused on the screen, completing the e-signature with a series of swift taps. Then, swtiching to her own phone, the text to Evan practically writing itself: \u8220\'93Operation Scholarship: Phase One completed!\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Ps::0>}}