{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan drove alone in his SUV after Maggie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Christmas Eve party was over. Maggie had asked Evan to stay the night, but Evan said he was scheduled for an early Christmas visit at his sister\u8217\'92s house. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 The Christmas Eve party would be categorized as a success. Maggie, Laura, and Evan had decided to keep the scholarship a secret. However, that didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t stop Laura and Maggie from celebrating. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan watched a new carefree Maggie enjoy the evening. For the first time since they met, Maggie seemed to be stress-free. She was free of worries about money, school, and work. Evan was glad he helped relieve much of Maggie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s stress, but it was a hollow pleasure. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 He questioned his motives. Evan wondered. If it weren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t for his relationship plan, would he give such a large gift to a girlfriend two months into their relationship? Evan felt he would have acted in exactly the same way regardless. However, there was no way he could be certain.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 He contemplated the possibility he was subconsciously trying to buy his way out of the guilt he was feeling about the deception of their relationship. Evan mentally jumped forward ten months to his scheduled breakup day with Maggie. He wondered if he would use his financial gifts as sources of rationalization to convince himself his relationship concept was successful.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan had inadvertently exposed an unforeseen flaw to his unique relationship strategy. When Evan conceived his plan, he had mistakenly thought that being a thoughtful, attentive, and generous boyfriend would alleviate him from any guilt related to the inherent deception.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 There was no way around it \endash  Evan was feeling guilty. While he did receive solace from the way he was improving Maggie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s life, it was in no way a remedy for his guilty conscience. Evan realized if he participated in this type of relationship, he would have to endure frequent inevitable waves of guilt. On that Christmas Eve night, feelings of guilt were the real reason why he wasn\u8217\'92t sleeping over at Maggie\u8217\'92s.}}