{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Bold;}{\f3\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red186\green124\blue93;\red139\green93\blue0;\red0\green108\blue175;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0>[  Start the scene with Evan anxiously waiting at the apartment's mailboxes located in a small entryway at the bottom of the stairs. He could hear the pitter patter of Laura's footsteps as she jetted down the stairs. }
\par\plain \f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 Either through dialogue or through narrative, have Laura ask why he is so late. Evan replying that he was only a few minutes late, but there should be some indication that he's just as excited and nervous as Laura. He actually left 1/2 an hour early, but was held up by holiday traffic.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 ]}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 <!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs26\b1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Laura: <!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs26\b0  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I can\u8217\'92t believe we\u8217\'92re doing this. Is your heart racing as fast as mine?\u8221\'94 whispered Laura as she grabbed Evan\u8217\'92s hand and put it to the top of her chest to feel her heart pounding fatst.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs26\b1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Evan:<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs26\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not sure. I think so!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Laura decided to check for herself. She placed her hand over Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s heart and said, \u8220\'93It is! I don\u8217\'92t think I\u8217\'92ve ever been this excited and scared at the same time.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs26\b1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Evan: <!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs26\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Me neither.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Laura grabbed the mail from the mailbox and stuck the scholarship envelope in between several other envelopes \endash  mostly Christmas cards.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs26\b1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Evan: <!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs26\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I updated website last night. If she seems suspicious, show her the website, and she\u8217\'92ll get confirmation she is the official recipient. If we do get caught, don\u8217\'92t use our last-resort tactic until I give you the signal.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs26\b1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Laura: <!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs26\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Got it! Look at the two of us. We\u8217\'92re nervous wrecks. I\u8217\'92m going to get her to open the mail as soon as possible. Otherwise, she\u8217\'92ll take one look at us and know something\u8217\'92s up.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs26\b1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Evan: <!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs26\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Good idea! Are you feeling ready?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs26\b1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Laura: <!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs26\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No. You?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs26\b1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Evan:<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs26\b0  Not a chance!\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 They both laughed and headed upstairs to the apartment.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <!$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 [}{\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4   In the rough draft of the scene, this is where it ended. However, I'm going to add to the ending of the scene. Replace the line above "They both laughed and headed upstairs to the apartment." With something more like:}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\ltrch\loch \f1\fs22\i1\cf4
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 Laura turned excitedly to start upstairs. Evan grabbed her arm as her foot reached the first step.  Laura, surprise, twisted her body halfway back and could see trepidation in Evan's eyes. }{\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4  ]<!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf4
\par\plain {\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <!$Scr_Ps::1>}}