{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red130\green49\blue77;\red76\green76\blue76;\red170\green64\blue101;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fs26\b0\i0\cf5\fi-889\li1280\lin1280}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f4\fs26\b1\i0\fi-640\li1280\lin1280}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f4\fs26\b1\i0\fi-640\li1280\lin1280}{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f4\fs26\b1\i0\fi-640\li1280\lin1280}{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f4\fs26\b1\i0\fi-640\li1280\lin1280}{\listname ;}\listid5}
{\list\listtemplateid6\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f4\fs26\b1\i0\fi-640\li1280\lin1280}{\listname ;}\listid6}
{\list\listtemplateid7\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{circle\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9702\'3F;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs26\b0\i0\fi-640\li1280\lin1280}{\listname ;}\listid7}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}{\listoverride\listid6\listoverridecount0\ls6}{\listoverride\listid7\listoverridecount0\ls7}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_H::2>Agenda Item 1: }
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\i0\cf4 Feedback on Poems<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li720\fi-360\sa240\sb180\sl22\slmult0\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs26\b0\i0\cf5 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs26\b0\i0\cf5 Receive Coaching Feedback for Poems.<!$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_H::2>}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\i0\cf4 Agenda Item 2: }
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\i0\cf4 New scenes and chapters to introduce Chloe sooner in the novel<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa240\sb180\sl22\slmult0\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 In preparation for our next coaching session, I've devised a plan for Chloe's earlier introduction in the narrative to address concerns about her delayed entry and to streamline the development of characters and subplots. My current strategy involves adding brief scenes into the existing storyline and introducing a new chapter comprised of multiple scenes. These adjustments, aimed at enriching the narrative and enhancing character dynamics early on, will form the core topics for our upcoming discussion.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa240\sb180\sl22\slmult0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::2>Scene Addition 1: Chloe calls Liz hysterical when her boyfriend dumped her.<!$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext	\f4\fs26\b1\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f4\fs26\b1\i0 Scene Placement}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 : Anticipated early in Chapter 2, amidst Liz's preparations for the monthly poker party, setting a backdrop for Evan's unveiling of his relationship strategy.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f4\fs26\b1\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f4\fs26\b1\i0 Character Development}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 :}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \ls3\ilvl0{\listtext	\f4\fs26\b1\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f4\fs26\b1\i0 Chloe}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 : This scene won't dive into Chloe's backstory but will highlight her tendency towards choosing challenging romantic partners and her dramatic emotional responses. Her shift from despair to hope upon her ex's callback illustrates her volatile emotional state.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f4\fs26\b1\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f4\fs26\b1\i0 Liz}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 : While the scene serves to introduce Chloe and foreshadow her connection with Evan, it also shines a light on Liz's character. Liz is depicted as a nurturing figure, effortlessly managing the poker party preparations and supporting Chloe through her emotional turmoil.}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext	\f4\fs26\b1\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f4\fs26\b1\i0 Relationship}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 : The dynamic between Chloe and Liz is showcased, revealing layers of their relationship resembling those of a mother and big sister. This interaction hints at the depth and complexity of their bond.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 This format retains your original structure while enhancing clarity and coherence for presentation to your writing coach.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch \f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::2>Scene Addition 2: Liz's Heartache Shared with Chloe<!$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \ls4\ilvl0{\listtext	\f4\fs26\b1\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f4\fs26\b1\i0 Scene Placement}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 : Scheduled before Liz's initial meeting with Maggie in her office, offering a brief yet poignant glimpse into Liz's personal struggle. The scene is concise, as Liz must compose herself to welcome Maggie warmly.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f4\fs26\b1\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f4\fs26\b1\i0 Scene Description}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 : Initially, Chloe contacts Liz to discuss another romantic dilemma or perhaps an issue with her sister, Rebecca. The conversation takes an unexpected turn when Chloe detects Liz's effort to conceal her tears.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f4\fs26\b1\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f4\fs26\b1\i0 Character Development}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 :}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \ls5\ilvl0{\listtext	\f4\fs26\b1\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f4\fs26\b1\i0 Chloe}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 : This scene reveals Chloe's multifaceted nature. Frequently reaching out to Liz in distress, she demonstrates a profound capacity for empathy and support, swiftly setting aside her concerns to comfort Liz.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f4\fs26\b1\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f4\fs26\b1\i0 Liz}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 : The audience is introduced to Liz's silent battle with infertility, marking a moment of vulnerability. Typically reserved, Liz only shares her sorrow because Chloe's intuition uncovers her distress, showcasing the depth of their friendship.}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \ls4\ilvl0{\listtext	\f4\fs26\b1\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f4\fs26\b1\i0 Relationship}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 : Highlighting the dynamic reciprocity of their relationship, this scene illustrates that despite Chloe's usual role as the bearer of troubles, their bond is genuinely mutual. Chloe's readiness to nurture Liz in her moment of need underscores the strength and balance of their connection.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch \f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::2>Chapter Addition: Liz's The Bonds of Sisterhood: A Respite from Heartache.<!$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \ls6\ilvl0{\listtext	\f4\fs26\b1\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f4\fs26\b1\i0 Chapter Placement}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 : Following Liz's disclosure of her miscarriage to Chloe, the narrative will explore Chloe's gesture of inviting Liz to St. Louis for a supportive "girls-only" weekend with her and Rebecca, aiming to provide comfort.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f4\fs26\b1\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f4\fs26\b1\i0 Chapter Description}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 : This chapter is rich in character development, backstory, and the exploration of complex relationship dynamics among the women. It will delve into various subplots:}
\par\pard\plain \li1080\fi-360\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls7\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \uc0\u9702 	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Liz's ongoing struggle with infertility.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \uc0\u9702 	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 The pattern of Chloe's challenging romantic relationships.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \uc0\u9702 	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Chloe's decision against having children.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \uc0\u9702 	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan's unresolved issues with his father.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \uc0\u9702 	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan's preference for privacy, shedding light on his and Chloe's limited knowledge of each other.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \uc0\u9702 	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Chloe's troubled relationship with her parents, especially her critical view of her mother.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \uc0\u9702 	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 The shared passions of Liz and Chloe for wine and coffee.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \uc0\u9702 	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Chloe\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Universe (foreshadowing Evan\u8217\'92s similar belief)}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \ls6\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f4\fs26\b1\i0 Character Development}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 : The chapter introduces three new characters: Rebecca and her two children. Chloe's parents are mentioned in passing, as they care for the grandchildren over the weekend.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f4\fs26\b1\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f4\fs26\b1\i0 Relationships}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 : Significant interactions between Liz, Chloe, and Rebecca are featured, including some backstory. The chapter will touch upon Chloe's issues with her mother and Evan's with his father, enriching the narrative with their personal challenges and connections.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \f0\fs26\b0\i0}