{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>A jolt of realization shot through Maggie. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why is there no postmark on this envelope?\u8221\'94 The room seemed to spin around her as she tried to process this impossible discovery. Laura\u8217\'92s breath hitched, and her hand fluttered nervously at her throat. Evan\u8217\'92s eyes darted between Maggie and the envelope, his jaw tightening. A mix of resignation and a surprising sense of relief battled within him\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the secret was about to be out in the open.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan and Laura\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s gazes met for a fleeting moment. A silent understanding passed between them. Laura\u8217\'92s eyes widened with a hint of panic, a silent apology forming on her lips. Evan, however, surprised himself with a sudden lightness and relief. The burden of keeping this secret was about to be lifted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Laura, hoping Maggie would focus on the stamp that she remembered and not the postmark that she forgot, blurted out, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s got a stamp!\u8221\'94 Her voice held a forced cheerfulness.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Maggie narrowed her eyes, unconvinced. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But it should have a postmark, like all these other envelopes.\u8221\'94 A look of suspicion sparked in her eyes, replacing any hint of amusement.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan offered a wry smile, conceding the slip-up. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Damn postmark,\u8221\'94 he quipped, a sense of relief evident as the pretense unraveled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Maggie finally pieced it together. Her eyes widened with a mix of disbelief and a hint of hurt. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Evan, what did you do? Please tell me this isn\u8217\'92t from you.\u8221\'94 Her voice trembled slightly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan, hoping to salvage a shred of anonymity, responded with a shrug. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The letter said the benefactor of the scholarship wishes to remain anonymous. I think we should honor that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Maggie saw through his weak attempt at misdirection. This only confirmed her suspicions. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Evan, you know there\u8217\'92s no way I can accept this.\u8221\'94 She shook her head, her gaze unwavering.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why not?\u8221\'94 Laura interjected, a pleading note in her voice.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Maggie turned towards Evan, the hurt in her eyes intensifying. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How did you know the exact amount I needed to finish school? I never told you I was having problems paying tuition.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 A guilty flush spread across Laura\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face, but a hint of playfulness remained in her expression. \u8220\'93Oh no. Please don\u8217\'92t tell me you\u8217\'92re involved in this too?\u8221\'94 Maggie\u8217\'92s voice held a mix of disbelief and accusation.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Laura tucked in her elbows playfully, then spread her hands wide in a comical gesture of surrender. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Meet the selection committee!\u8221\'94 she declared, a wry smile playing on her lips.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Maggie stared at them, a mix of disbelief and dawning anger tightening her features. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I can\u8217\'92t believe this is happening. Is this why the two of you have been acting so strange lately?\u8221\'94 Her voice shook slightly, a tremor of betrayal echoing within it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Laura\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s expression softened, her eyes filled with genuine concern. \u8220\'93We just want to help you, Maggie.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Maggie recoiled as if struck. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I told you before, Laura, I\u8217\'92m not a charity case!\u8221\'94 Her defensiveness masked a deep-seated insecurity.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Laura\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s voice took on a pleading tone. \u8220\'93I didn\u8217\'92t say you were. But I don\u8217\'92t see anything wrong with accepting help from the people who love you. You work so hard and never catch a break. You deserve this! Please accept the scholarship.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Maggie buried her face in her hands, her shoulders shaking. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I can\u8217\'92t believe this is happening,\u8221\'94 she repeated, her voice muffled. \u8220\'93You two had no right to go behind my back and set this whole thing up.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Concern etched itself onto Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face. \u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t let your pride sabotage your success, Maggie,\u8221\'94 he said softly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Maggie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s head snapped up, her eyes blazing. \u8220\'93Evan, please don\u8217\'92t psychoanalyze me!\u8221\'94 She spat out the words, misinterpreting his genuine concern. \u8220\'93We are not talking about fifty dollars here, or even five hundred. This is fifteen thousand!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Laura, sensing an opening, pressed her point. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That may be a lot of money to you and me, but Evan makes that much in just a week or two. He gets that whether he works or not.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan nodded, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s true. That money was just sitting in my bank doing no one any good.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Maggie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s jaw dropped. She had no idea Evan was so wealthy. \u8220\'93You really make that much?\u8221\'94 she asked, her voice laced with shock.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan nodded again, a slight shrug hinting at his discomfort with the conversation.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Laura, building on their momentum, continued, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And he doesn\u8217\'92t have any mortgage or car payments. His monthly expenses are less than ours. So, there\u8217\'92s no reason for you not to accept this gift.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Maggie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s frustration mingled with a hint of resignation. \u8220\'93What are you, his accountant?\u8221\'94 Her sarcasm was tinged with a touch of humor. She let out a long breath, a mix between a sigh and a weary grunt.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s voice held a gentle sincerity. \u8220\'93We just wanted to help you finish something so important to you, Maggie.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Maggie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s gratitude warred with her stubborn pride. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s not that I don\u8217\'92t appreciate the offer and the effort from you both,\u8221\'94 she began, her voice softening, \u8220\'93but I simply can\u8217\'92t accept such a large amount of money. So, thank you, Evan, and thank you, Laura. But I am rejecting the scholarship. I want you to have your money back.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s matter-of-fact statement cut through Maggie\u8217\'92s resolve. \u8220\'93You can reject the scholarship if you want, but that money won\u8217\'92t come back to me. This scholarship is 100% legal and legitimate. If you don\u8217\'92t accept it, the money will have to go to another Irish-American culinary student.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Maggie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes widened in shock. \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re kidding me!?\u8221\'94 A sense of being cornered crept into her voice.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No, he\u8217\'92s not kidding,\u8221\'94 Laura interjected, her voice laced with urgency and a hint of desperation. \u8220\'93That money must go to a culinary student. Since I\u8217\'92m the sole member of the selection committee, I\u8217\'92ll have to pick someone else to receive the scholarship. Maggie, please don\u8217\'92t make me give that money to someone else.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 The absurdity of the situation washed over Maggie. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This is crazy!\u8221\'94 She stood abruptly, the chair scraping against the floor, and retreated to the kitchen, seeking a moment of respite from the relentless pressure.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Laura exchanged a worried glance with Evan. She motioned towards Maggie with a tilt of her head, an unspoken plea for him to comfort her. Evan rose and followed Maggie into the kitchen. He wrapped his arms around her, offering silent support as she finally gave in to the tears she had been desperately holding back. After several minutes, Maggie gently pushed him away, her eyes red and swollen.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know how to be okay with this,\u8221\'94 she admitted, her voice barely a whisper.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Laura and Evan exchanged another knowing look. Laura couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t suppress a thrill of excitement. It was time to deploy their last-resort tactic\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the one they had hoped they wouldn\u8217\'92t have to use, but prepared for nonetheless. Her heart raced; she was filled with hope and anticipation, eager to see if their strategy would work its magic on Maggie.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Laura approached Maggie, her voice filled with carefully crafted persuasion. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I think you\u8217\'92re looking at this all wrong, Maggie. If the situation were reversed and Evan needed money to finish school, wouldn\u8217\'92t you give it to him? Wouldn\u8217\'92t you gladly sacrifice two weeks of income to make such an important impact on his life?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Maggie hesitated, her features twisted in contemplation. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Of course, I would. You know I would. But it\u8217\'92s $15,000, Laura!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Laura pressed on, her voice unwavering. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Stop thinking of it like that. It\u8217\'92s one or two weeks of income that Evan would earn even if he spent his days on the beach. There is absolutely no reason for you not to accept this from him. And if everything were reversed, you\u8217\'92d insist he accept the money from you. Am I right or not?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan moved closer to Maggie, his touch light on her chin as he tilted her face up to meet his gaze. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Please accept the scholarship,\u8221\'94 he murmured, his voice soft and tender. \u8220\'93I want you to have it, and you deserve it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Maggie hesitated, her emotions a tangled web of surprise and conflict. She sought a moment to breathe, to untangle the sudden influx of revelations. Evan and Laura exchanged a look of quiet solidarity, their shared hope for Maggie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s acceptance of the scholarship hanging delicately in the balance. It was a silent pact of support, their optimistic anticipation mingled with uncertainty. The ball was in Maggie\u8217\'92s court now, leaving them in suspense, eager yet apprehensive about her next move.<!$Scr_Ps::0>}}