{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {Absolutely! I love the idea of playing up the comical, bumbling aspect of the Laura/Evan dynamic. Here's my revised version, aiming to enhance that humor:}
\par\plain {Evan rinsed his milk glass in the sink and shot Maggie a questioning look. "All set?"}
\par\plain {Maggie nodded, shouldering her backpack. "Just let me grab my keys." As she turned to hustle across the apartment, Evan and Laura exchanged a brief, conspiratorial glance. It was their secret signal, the wordless confirmation of their plan.}
\par\plain {Evan walked Maggie to her car, careful to keep his goodbye kiss quick and casual. Then, in a move worthy of a spy movie, he slipped into his own vehicle and pulled out at the same time. They drove in opposite directions \endash  Maggie south towards school, Evan north towards the highway \endash  a coordinated exit designed to throw off suspicion.}
\par\plain {Once safely out of sight, Evan swung into a convenience store parking lot. He glanced in the rearview mirror, then his watch, tapping his fingers against the steering wheel as he waited. Finally, deeming the coast clear, he headed back towards the apartment, a giddy sense of mission fueling his steps.}
\par\plain {At the door, Laura was waiting, a frantic energy radiating off her.}
\par\plain {"Maggie's going to kill me if she finds out!" she hissed in a theatrical whisper. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You have to promise me this will never get back to her.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {"I promise," Evan reassured her, fighting back a smile at her melodrama. "Are you sure she wasn't watching? C'mon, let me in!"}
\par\plain {"I don't know why I'm whispering!" In a rush of relieved laughter, Laura flung the door wide, ushering him in with exaggerated urgency. Her paranoia was infectious; his heart pounded as he slipped inside.}
\par\plain {Ducking behind a curtain, Evan surveyed the parking lot. "The coast is clear," he declared, a touch of mock-seriousness in his voice.}
\par\plain {Changes Made:}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sb180\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	 \uc0\u8226 	}{Emphasized Visual Cues: Added glances, nods, even peeking out the window for comedic effect.}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	 \uc0\u8226 	}{Heightened Melodrama: Laura's lines are over-the-top, which makes it funnier.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	 \uc0\u8226 	}{Bumbling Evan: He gets caught up in her paranoia, amplifying the absurdity.}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sa180\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	 \uc0\u8226 	}{Spy Movie Vibe: Little touches like the "coordinated exit" add to the fun.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {Let me know if this is going in the right direction! Do you want it even more over-the-top, or should I dial it back?}}