{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red0\green149\blue223;\red130\green49\blue77;\red170\green64\blue101;\red76\green76\blue76;\red208\green78\blue124;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\fi-3731959\li5378177\lin5378177}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1\fi-8876\li12791\lin12791}
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{circle\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9702\'3F;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1\fi-8876\li25572\lin25572}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fs26\b0\i0\cf1\fi-37404\li53903\lin53903}
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{circle\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9702\'3F;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fs26\b0\i0\cf1\fi-37404\li107760\lin107760}{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \sa60\sb240\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs32\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_H::2>Scene Profile:<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs32\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_H::2>Title:}{\f2\fs32\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> Understanding and Goodbyes<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::3>Summary:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 In the quiet of the conference room, as Evan discusses matters with his attorney outside, Liz and Sarah share a poignant moment. Sarah, concerned about Liz's feelings towards her, finds reassurance when Liz expresses understanding and support for Sarah's difficult decision to divorce Evan. Liz vows to assist Evan through this transition, ensuring him time to adjust. Sarah, while closing her personal connection with Evan, keeps communication open with Liz for any necessary future contact. Their conversation ends with a heartfelt embrace, symbolizing their enduring bond despite the circumstances.<!$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::3>Leading Context:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 In the previous scene, Sarah agreed to Evan's demand to a private meeting in exchange for his agreement to sign all the divorce documents. The scene ended with him begrudgingly signing the divorce documents.<!$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::3>Setting:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 - Location:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> The conference room of Sarah's attorney's law firm.<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 - Time:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> Morning<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 - Weather/Environment:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> Stormy<!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::3>Characters Present:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 - Main Characters:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> Sarah, Liz<!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::3>Character Emotional State:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 - Sarah:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> Sarah is relieved that the divorce papers have finally been signed. With everybody leaving the room, Sarah and Liz are left to say their goodbyes before Evan returns to speak privately with Sarah. Sarah is worried that Liz hates her. But experiences relief, when Liz reassures her that was not the case. While finding closure and resolution with Liz, Sarah remained apprehensive about the discussion she is about to have with Evan.<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 - Liz:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> Liz is sad to say goodbye to Sarah. However, she is grateful for the ways in which Sarah has improved the quality of life for her, her husband Joe, and Evan. It's a sentimental moment as Liz and Sarah embrace a final time before Sarah heads back to Seattle.<!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::5><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch \f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 POV:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> Third person limited (focusing on Sarah)<!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::3>Dialogue Focus:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> Heavy<!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::3>Use of Internal Dialogue:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> Minimal<!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::3>Plot/Action:<!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Ps::4>I will be providing the plot action details in a separate prompt.<!$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::3>Objectives/Goals:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::6>}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li576\fi-216\sa60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 In part, this scene was added to help with pacing. The last few scenes were long and emotionally intense, as well the next scene will be. This scene will serve as a break from those scenes. This scene will be shorter in length and focus on the positive aspects of Sarah's role in the lives of Evan and Liz and focused on sentimentality instead of the pain and heartache.<!$Scr_Ps::6>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::3>Props/Items:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::6>}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li576\fi-216\sa60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 N/A<!$Scr_Ps::6>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::3>Special Instructions/Notes:<!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch \f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li576\fi-216\sa60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1  Embedded instructions within the narrative or dialogue markers are to be used for specific actions, emotions, or detailed descriptions within the scene. These can be bracketed or in parentheses. Example: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93[describe in vivid detail Liz's apartment]" or \u8220\'93Liz (smiling warmly):". }
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 When an embedded instruction is part of the dialogue marker, it may appear in parentheses instead of square brackets. Example: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Liz (playful teasing):".}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1  All dialogue provided must be used verbatim. Dialogue markers will be the character's name followed by a colon. Example: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Evan: Patti, how dare you!'".}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Please incorporate all provided dialogue exactly as written, without modifications. Each line of dialogue given must be included in the scene to preserve the integrity of the characters' voices and the intended narrative flow. This requirement is crucial for maintaining consistency and authenticity within the story.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Text not enclosed in quotes or marked by embedded instructions should be treated as general narrative elements that are open for adaptation or expansion.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Emphasize \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93showing" over \u8220\'93telling" when possible, using descriptive imagery and action rather than plain statements.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Use Deep POV to provide an immersive reader experience. Deep POV is a close third-person narration style that offers direct access to a character's thoughts and feelings.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 In an effort to engage the reader more profoundly and connect the reader with the characters, I like for physiological expressions and internal dialogue to be included in each scene. Please consider this when writing the scene.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Important Note: The output should be in a format suitable for a published romance novel. }
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Be sure to omit the following when writing the scene:}
\par\pard\plain \tx955\tx1440\li1196\fi-256\sa60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl1{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u9702 	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Dialogue markers. Example: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Evan:"}
\par\plain \ilvl1{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u9702 	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Any embedded instructions, whether they're in brackets or parentheses.}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li576\fi-216\sa60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls3\ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Ps::6>Do NOT use bullets when writing the scene.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Do NOT use the word \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93palpable" when writing the scene.<!$Scr_Ps::6>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f2\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs30\b0\i0\cf1 Below is an example of the scene that you excellently crafted from a \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Plot/Action" section I had given you. Please use this as a model or reference to what I'm seeking when you create a compelling scene for me.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch \f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::3>Example:<!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 As documents were distributed to Sarah, Liz, and Evan. Evan's eyes lingered on Sarah as she swiftly signed her name, her hand moving with a speed he hadn't seen before. The sight stirred something within him, a mix of disbelief and a simmering frustration.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan, unable to contain his feelings, spoke out, his voice laced with a rebellious undertone, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Wow, you really are anxious to get divorced. I\u8217\'92ve never seen you sign anything so fast.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Sarah, without pausing her rapid signing, responded with a hint of frustration in her voice, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve already read the documents and agree to the changes your attorney made.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s resolve hardened, his voice steady and insistent, \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not signing anything until I get some answers.\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Sarah, pausing briefly, pleaded with Evan, her voice soft yet firm, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Come on, Evan, don\u8217\'92t make this any more difficult than it has to be.\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f2\fs26\b0\i0\cf1}