{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Small;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs26\b0\i0\fi-667\li960\lin960}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li720\fi-500\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Sarah confesses that you always being she is, but expresses that if she could be different, she would model herself after Liz.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Liz talks about the ways in which Sarah has improve the quality of their lives \endash  especially Evan. Liz acknowledges that neither her or Evan could have built a successful and profitable organization without Sarah.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Liz remind Sarah that the things Evan loves most in his life He owes to her. The financial freedom to work as little or as much as he likes. The freedom to retreat to his cabin in the mountains whenever he feels the need to connect with nature or recharge. But most importantly, with its profitable success of their marketing firm, they were able to found Evan's pride and joy - there foundation that helps underprivileged teens improve their chances at success in life.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 When Sarah suggests that everybody in the farm group hates her. Liz tries to get Sarah to see it a different way by telling her they don't hate her, but hate to see Evan hurt. Sarah said, they never liked me to begin with. In the said, they would if they got to know you. They just don't understand you like I do.  }
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Sarah tells Liz she never wanted to hurt Evan, and if she thought there was a way they could make it work she would have tried.}}