{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f5\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}{\f6\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red130\green49\blue77;\red170\green64\blue101;\red76\green76\blue76;\red186\green124\blue93;\red139\green93\blue0;\red0\green108\blue175;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs32\b1\i0\cf4 Scene Enhancement Template:}
\par\plain \f2\fs22\b1\i0\cf5
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 Task: }{\f3\fs22\b0\i0 Craft a compelling segment for the scene titled 'Evan Preps Liz for His Plan Unveiling', guided by the scene profile previously shared. Utilize the details below to enrich the scene's narrative.}
\par\pard\plain \li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch \f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf6
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 Scene Number: }{\f3\fs22\b0\i0 9}
\par\pard\plain \li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch \f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf6
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 Scene Title: }{\f3\fs22\b0\i0 Evan Preps Liz for His Plan Unveiling}
\par\pard\plain \li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch \f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf6
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 Scene Part #: }{\f3\fs22\b0\i0 Part 1 of 1}
\par\pard\plain \li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch \f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf6
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 Scope Components:}
\par\pard\plain \sa120\sb120\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b0\i1\cf7 [ Note: Include every line of dialogue given, unchanged, to keep the characters' voices authentic. Ensure no lines of dialogue are omitted to maintain narrative continuity. ]}
\par\pard\plain \fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf6
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Liz was in the kitchen of her Glenview, Illinois home. She was preparing snacks for the monthly poker game she hosted. Her husband, Joe, had already finished his job of setting up the poker table and making sure the drinks were stocked. He was watching TV in the basement, waiting for the guests to arrive.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\ltrch\loch {\f5\fs26\b0\i1\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::1><$Scr_Ps::0>[Evan arrived earlier than usual, bursting with excitement through the unlocked front door of Liz and Joe's home. He brought Liz flowers and a bottle of her favorite wine. ]<!$Scr_Cs::1><!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f6\fs28\b1\i0\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::3>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf9  }{\f5\fs26\b0\i1\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::1>(Excited):<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf9  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hi, sis!\u8221\'94 }{\f5\fs26\b0\i1\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::1>(Evan said before giving her a great big hug.)<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f6\fs28\b1\i0\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::3>Liz (Happy):<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf9  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Wow, that was some entrance! What did I do to deserve these wonderful gifts?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f6\fs28\b1\i0\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::3>Evan: <!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf9 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No special reason. I was just in the mood to give my big sis some flowers and wine!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f6\fs28\b1\i0\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::3>Liz: <!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf9 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That must have been some date last night. I haven\u8217\'92t seen you this excited in forever\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f6\fs28\b1\i0\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::3>Evan: <!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf9 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It was nothing spectacular. It was just a decent date like they all are\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f6\fs28\b1\i0\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::3>Liz: <!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf9 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If they\u8217\'92re all decent, then how come you rarely go on a second date?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f6\fs28\b1\i0\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::3>Evan: <!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf9 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Because I want more than decent. You know how much I dislike dating.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f6\fs28\b1\i0\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::3>Liz <!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f5\fs26\b0\i1\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::1>(Offering sisterly perspective): <!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf9 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I know. Unfortunately, dating is almost always part of the process. I know you don\u8217\'92t like talking about Sarah, and I don\u8217\'92t want to kill your great mood. But she is a one-of-a-kind girl, Evan. Not many women will want to jump right into a relationship and treat her first date like a negotiation of a business partnership.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f6\fs28\b1\i0\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::3>Evan <!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f5\fs26\b0\i1\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::1>(sly smile):<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f6\fs28\b1\i0\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::3> <!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf9 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Not if they know that\u8217\'92s what\u8217\'92s happening.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f6\fs28\b1\i0\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::3>Liz <!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f5\fs26\b0\i1\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::1>(Concerned) :<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf9 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t like the way that sounds, Evan. That sounds like something Guido would say. What harebrained scheme have you two concocted this time?\u8221\'94 Liz asked.}
\par\plain {\f6\fs28\b1\i0\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::3>Evan: <!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf9 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Guido has no idea what I have in mind. I want to wait until everybody\u8217\'92s here before I share my idea. I can\u8217\'92t believe it took me this long to figure things out.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f6\fs28\b1\i0\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::3>Liz <!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f5\fs26\b0\i1\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::1>(Intrigued and curious):<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf9  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Figure what out?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f6\fs28\b1\i0\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::3>Evan <!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f5\fs26\b0\i1\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::1>(Proud of his new, yet to be revealed idea): <!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf9 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why I rarely go on a second date and why I\u8217\'92ve been feeling so hopeless and lonely. I have been approaching this dating ritual all wrong. And after yet another uninspired \u8216\'91decent\u8217\'92 date, I finally realized how to turn it all around!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f6\fs28\b1\i0\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::3>Liz <!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f5\fs26\b0\i1\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::1>(Dying of curiosity):<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf9  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And you\u8217\'92re gonna make me wait until everybody gets here to tell me?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f6\fs28\b1\i0\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::3>Evan <!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f5\fs26\b0\i1\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::1>(Playful Tease): <!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf9 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sorry, but yep! They\u8217\'92ll be here soon. I can\u8217\'92t wait to share my idea with everybody! Oh my God, Liz. I feel so amazing!\u8221\'94 <!$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs26\b0\i0}