{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red163\green101\blue209;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Evan lay still beneath the covers, the silence of his room a stark contrast to the turmoil in his mind. He hoped a relaxing shower before bed would help quiet his thoughts; instead, his racing mind danced from one consideration to the next, unable to land squarely on any single worry. Tonight, ironically, the overthinking served a purpose \endash  it kept him from obsessing over Sarah And his uncertainty about his new relationship plan.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 A soft gasp drew his gaze. Maggie stood silhouetted in his doorway, the hallway light etching her figure against the darkness. For a moment, time seemed to freeze as he took in the curve of her hips, the gentle outline of her breasts beneath the fabric. His breath caught in his throat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 She lingered, as though waiting for him to acknowledge her presence. And in that instant, his mind achieved a strange sort of clarity. All his previously chaotic anxieties lined up like soldiers awaiting orders. A simple decision rose above the chaos: Was he ready to let go of the past, to embrace the woman standing before him, even if true love was not in the cards? Was he truly ready to embark on a new journey, one governed by a set of never-been-tested rules?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 He couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t answer that right now. Not the whole question, at least. Pushing the weight of it to the back of his mind, Evan focused on Maggie.\~\tab }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s a space for you right here,\u8221\'94 Evan said, the words barely a whisper. He lifted the covers in a gentle invitation.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Maggie slipped into bed and laid on her back beside him, her movements careful, almost hesitant. Evan rolled onto his side, propping his head up on one hand. In the dim light, he could see the nervous flicker in her eyes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Are you sure about this?\u8221\'94 he asked, his voice low and warm.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 A smile touched Maggie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s lips, playfulness masking her vulnerability. \u8220\'93What kind of girlfriend would I be if I let my boyfriend sleep all by himself?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Her nervousness shifted, no longer focused on the decision, but on the familiar jitters of a new physical encounter.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t help but grin at her words. \u8220\'93Really? Didn\u8217\'92t think you were up for that yet.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m ready,\u8221\'94 Maggie admitted, her voice barely above a whisper. \u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know what I was hesitating about. Fear, I guess.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 They kissed then, gentle, exploratory. Between soft, breathless sighs, Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s mind raced. Maggie\u8217\'92s words, her clear desire, forced him to confront the lingering specter of Sarah. It was time to let go. While no one could replace Sarah, Maggie was her own person \endash  vibrant, warm, undeniably drawn to him. And though their connection was still young, something about it felt different than any other casual relationship.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 His decision to move on from Sarah brought a different dilemma to the surface. Sleeping with Maggie meant their \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91year\u8217\'92 officially began. The thought echoed Guido\u8217\'92s words: all in, or all out. Evan couldn\u8217\'92t half-heartedly commit to Maggie, not when she deserved more than that. He wanted this, badly. He wanted Maggie.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 One last obstacle remained. How could he be honest, at least partly, without revealing the full extent of his plan? \~\tab }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s words spilled out in a gentle rush. \u8220\'93Before things go any further, I need to be honest. I\u8217\'92ve only been with one woman for close to a decade. I haven\u8217\'92t been intimate with anyone for over a year. I can\u8217\'92t promise you where this is going.\u8221\'94 He paused, searching her eyes for a flicker of hesitation.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Maggie met his gaze, her expression a mix of understanding and a vulnerability that mirrored his own. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No promises needed, Evan. Neither of us can make those. We both have scars from the past to overcome.\u8221\'94 She took a breath, her voice softer. \u8220\'93I like you. Really like you. And I want this, but I\u8217\'92ve been so focused on my own doubts and concerns, I haven\u8217\'92t stopped to consider if you\u8217\'92re ready. We can go slow. It doesn\u8217\'92t have to be tonight.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 It wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t just Maggie\u8217\'92s words, but the honesty behind them that resonated so deeply with Evan. All his doubts seemed to dissolve in that moment. His shoulders relaxed, dropping and spreading wide, his chest lifting forward, his head lifting slightly. }{\f1\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>I am ready. I\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91m finally ready to let go of the past, <!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 he said to himself. }{\f1\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>It\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s time to move on. <!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I like you too, a lot. And... I do want this,\u8221\'94 he admitted, his voice thick with emotion. \u8220\'93But...I wasn\u8217\'92t sure I was ready. Until right now.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 The tension between them shifted. Words seemed unnecessary as desire and the promise of comfort ignited a silent understanding. Evan leaned closer, his touch feather-light against her cheek. And in that gentle meeting of hands and lips, their hesitation dissolved.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Somehow, their different journeys had led them to the same place. This common ground offered a feeling of safety, a stable foundation for them to pursue physical intimacy in their relationship. While not born from pure passion, true love, or raw chemistry, it was special in its own way \endash  a space for both active care and quiet healing. With the path ahead now clear, Maggie and Evan consummated their unlabeled connection.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 ...And so, Rule #8 took effect, marking the start of their year together. There was no turning back now. Things just got very real.<!$Scr_Ps::0>}}