{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Bold;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Italic;}{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red186\green124\blue93;\red139\green93\blue0;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 [ Let's begin the scene with a description of the Vaughn group's offices. Below are both a long and short description of the office. Feel free to use your own wording, these are only a guide. This is a location that will be used several times in the novel, this is a short scene, and the first scene in which this location is used, so feel free to be as descriptive as you need to start the scene with a vivid. Location description.}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\sl252\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs32\b1\i0 Long Description:}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Nestled at the bustling intersection of Wabash and Lake in downtown Chicago, the Vaughn Group's office occupies the fourth floor of a contemporary ten-story building. Spanning 5,000 square feet, the space is a model of modern efficiency and style. As one enters, they're greeted by a welcoming waiting area, complete with a receptionist's window, leading through a door into the heart of the office. The layout is thoughtfully designed, with outer offices and conference rooms offering views of the city, while the center is structured into neat cubicles for collaborative work.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sl120\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 The office's aesthetic is sharply modern, adorned with black-and-white photography capturing Chicago's iconic architecture and bridges, complemented by motivational business posters that inspire ambition and drive. Yet, amidst this monochrome sophistication lies a burst of creativity in the "Inspiration" conference room. Here, a three-piece abstract painting by Liz's friend Chloe brings a vibrant contrast. This artwork, with its rich colors and dynamic forms, has become a source of inspiration for Evan's team, earning the room its affectionate nickname.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sl120\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 This space is not just a workplace but a testament to the fusion of business acuity and artistic inspiration, embodying the innovative spirit of the Vaughn Group.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\sl252\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs32\b1\i0 Short Description:}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 The Vaughn Group's office, perched on the fourth floor at Wabash and Lake in downtown Chicago, boasts a modern, uncluttered 5,000 square-foot layout. A welcoming entrance leads to a sleek interior, where offices and conference rooms line the periphery, and cubicles fill the core. Decorated with monochromatic photographs of Chicago's iconic architecture and bridges and motivational posters, the office blends business with artistry. A standout feature is the "Inspiration" conference room, adorned with a vibrant abstract painting by Liz's friend Chloe, offering a colorful contrast and serving as a creative muse for the team.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 ]}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs26\b1\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Evan }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 (Knocking on the threshold of Liz's office)}{\f2\fs26\b1\i0 :}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hey Liz, you got a minute? \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs26\b1\i0 Liz }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 (Sitting at her desk, lifts her head up from the documents she was reviewing.)}{\f2\fs26\b1\i0 :}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sure. Come on in. \u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \tx9000\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\ul\ulc0 \~\tab <!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 [ Evan walked into Liz}{\f3\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92}{\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 s office and sat in the chair across the desk.  ]}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch \f2\fs26\b1\i0\cf5
\par\plain {\f2\fs26\b1\i0\cf5 Evan}{\f2\fs26\b1\i0  }{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 (Grateful):}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I appreciate your willingness to meet Maggie. I know she\u8217\'92s not supposed to get too close to my inner circle, but I couldn\u8217\'92t free my schedule up in time to pick her up before the play we\u8217\'92re seeing tonight....\u8221\'94 }{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 (Evan paused and admitted the deeper truth) }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Plus, I wanted you to meet her.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs26\b1\i0\cf5 Liz}{\f2\fs26\b1\i0  }{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 (Curious, inquisitive):}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s okay. I am quite curious to meet her. I know you still have a few weeks to make a decision, but have you decided to start your year together with her?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs26\b1\i0\cf5 Evan}{\f2\fs26\b1\i0  }{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 (Informative response):}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Not officially. I want to make sure that a relationship is something that she wants. And I wanted her to meet you first.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs26\b1\i0\cf5 Liz}{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 :}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You don\u8217\'92t need my approval.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs26\b1\i0\cf5 Evan}{\f2\fs26\b1\i0  }{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 (Sincere):}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I know, but it will be difficult to move forward without Maggie meeting you. I\u8217\'92m not worried, though. You\u8217\'92ll love her. She\u8217\'92s a hard-working, down-to-earth girl, and we get along great!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs26\b1\i0\cf5 Liz}{\f2\fs26\b1\i0  }{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 (Encouraged By the effect Maggie seems to have had on Evan):}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I must say you have been in a great mood this week. How many dates have you had so far?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs26\b1\i0\cf5 Evan}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 (Informative response):}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Four altogether. We had our first date at the fall festival and three afternoon dates this week.\u8221\'94 }{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 (Evan\loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8217\'92s facial expression lights up)}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93She\u8217\'92s been teaching me how to cook.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs26\b1\i0\cf5 Liz}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 (Intrigued, helpful):}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So I\u8217\'92ve heard. Trish told me about your surprise for Maggie. Do you need any help setting up?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs26\b1\i0\cf5 Evan}{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 :}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Nope. I got it all covered.\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \tx9000\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\ul\ulc0 \~\tab }
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs26\b1\i0\cf5 Liz}{\f2\fs26\b1\i0  }{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 (Inquisitive, concerned):}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So you\u8217\'92re still going through with your one-year relationship plan?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs26\b1\i0\cf5 Evan}{\f2\fs26\b1\i0  }{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 (Sincere):}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes. I admit I had my doubts after our first date. She is such a great girl, and I don\u8217\'92t want to hurt her. But after spending so much time with her this week, I really feel this could be something good. But I was still on the fence until earlier today.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs26\b1\i0\cf5 Liz}{\f2\fs26\b1\i0  }{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 (Curious):}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What happened earlier today?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs26\b1\i0\cf5 Evan}{\f2\fs26\b1\i0  }{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 (Informative response):}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I spoke to Guido. Although he thinks I should drop this plan and be his wingman, he said I can\u8217\'92t do this plan half-ass \endash  either I\u8217\'92m all in or all out. He made me realize that allowing my apprehension and guilty conscience into the relationship is of no benefit to Maggie or myself.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs26\b1\i0\cf5 Liz}{\f2\fs26\b1\i0  }{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 (Supportive, concerned):}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Although I\u8217\'92d rather you not pursue this plan of yours, I\u8217\'92m glad you decided not to be Guido\u8217\'92s \u8216\'91wingman.\u8217\'92\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs26\b1\i0\cf5 Evan}{\f2\fs26\b1\i0  }{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 (Sincere, well-meaning):}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It wasn\u8217\'92t just Guido\u8217\'92s advice that convinced me. After thinking about it, I realize I would never have met Maggie without this plan. She lives far away and doesn\u8217\'92t belong to any dating sites. I figure maybe it was meant to be, no matter how it turns out. She may not be my true love, but I\u8217\'92m going to push aside my fears and guilt and give her the best that I have to offer. After all, she deserves it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs26\b1\i0\cf5 Liz}{\f2\fs26\b1\i0  }{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 (Concerned Evan won\loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8217\'92t give his feelings for Maggie a chance to blossom):}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, Evan, I promised to support you, and I will. I only ask one favor. Be open to letting love in. I\u8217\'92m not suggesting you force it; you can\u8217\'92t fake love. But I think a year will be enough time to know your true feelings for Maggie. And I\u8217\'92m convinced if your feelings for her grow into love, you\u8217\'92ll abandon your plan to break up. But, if you don\u8217\'92t fall in love with her, as much as I hate to admit it, letting go will be the right thing to do. \u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \tx9000\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\ul\ulc0 \~\tab }
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 [ I want to introduce Liz}{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92}{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 s fertility problems through a narrative, as opposed to dialogue. It felt inorganic for Evan and Liz to discuss details in this setting, and repeating it here doesn}{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92}{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 t make much sense because they both already know what they know. So here}{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92}{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 s what you need to know to insert her fertility backstory into the scene.}
\par\plain {\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 - Liz had always dreamed of conceiving and birthing a child naturally. For the longest time, she was steadfast against IVF procedures and adoption.}
\par\plain {\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 - Liz had multiple miscarriages, her last one a year ago.}
\par\plain {\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 - Unable to get pregnant in over a year, and now 31, Liz has reconsidered her options.}
\par\plain {\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 - She initially visualized having two children before her 30th birthday. She feels time is running out, and after several long talks with Joe and her friend and OB/GYN, Alicia, Liz relented and decided to do the IVF procedure.}
\par\plain {\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 - This procedure is scheduled for the next day. This is the subject of the next stretch of dialogue when Evan asks her how she feels about the procedure.}
\par\plain {\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf4  ]}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs26\b1\i0\cf5 Evan}{\f2\fs26\b1\i0  }{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 (Wanting to check in on Liz):}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Enough about me. How are you feeling about your procedure tomorrow?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs26\b1\i0\cf5 Liz}{\f2\fs26\b1\i0  }{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 (Her facial expressions show nervousness more than excitement):}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Nervous and excited at the same time.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs26\b1\i0\cf5 Evan}{\f2\fs26\b1\i0  }{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 (Supportive, anxious to help):}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know much about the procedure, but if you need anything at all, let me know.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs26\b1\i0\cf5 Liz}{\f2\fs26\b1\i0  }{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 (Downplaying her own fears):}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I appreciate that. But there is no need to worry. It\u8217\'92s an outpatient procedure, and Alicia is a pro.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 [ Their conversation is interrupted by a text from Maggie on Evans\loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8217\'92 phone.]}
\par\plain {\f2\fs26\b1\i0\cf5 Evan}{\f2\fs26\b1\i0  }{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 (Exuberant):}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s Maggie, she\u8217\'92ll be here soon. I\u8217\'92ve got to go finish setting up her surprise.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf4
\par\plain {\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 [ The scene ends with an excited Evan dashing out of Liz\loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8217\'92s office.]}
\par\pard\plain \sa160\sl259\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch \f0\fs22\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs22\b0\i0}