{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red163\green101\blue209;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s enthusiasm was even stronger than it was the night before when he revealed his relationship plan to his friends and family. Evan could not remember the last time he felt as good as he felt at that moment.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 It was nearing 5 PM, and everything was going well that day. His morning run was spectacular, followed by his best gym workout in months, and his team won their pickup basketball game. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Everything was turning up roses. Evan was at home and had just finished showering. He turned on the radio while he was getting dressed. The song \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Perfect Day\u8221\'94 by Hoku was playing. He took that as a sign today would be the day he would find a woman to try out his new relationship concept with. He found a few of the lyrics particularly inspiring.}
\par\pard\plain \sl264\slmult1\qc\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b0\i1 <$Scr_Ps::0>On this perfect day\line Nothing\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s standing in my way\line On this perfect day\line When nothing can go wrong\line It\u8217\'92s the perfect day<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan read through the list of rules Liz gave to him. He focused on rule #4, which says the woman must live at least 45 minutes away in light traffic. Evan decided he would hop on the I-88 Tollway and head west without any specific destination. Once he was about 45 minutes out, he would start looking for signs pointing him in the right direction. Evan wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t sure how he knew, but he was certain he would meet a woman today.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan finished getting ready, hopped in his SUV, and headed toward I-88. Everything still seemed to be going Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s way as he experienced minimal Saturday traffic getting to the tollway. When he merged onto I-88, it was an open road.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan was wearing his favorite pair of shades. He had the sunroof open, the music blasting, and the sun was shining. After driving for a while, his luck seemed to change as road construction had slowed traffic to a snail\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s pace. Evan was not discouraged. He considered the traffic to be a universal sign to exit the highway.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t sure what to do next. He decided to stop at a local gas station and grab an energy drink. He pulled into a parking space and saw a large poster advertising a fall festival at the Riverwalk near downtown Naperville, Illinois. Feeling confident as ever, Evan speculated the festival would be abundant with women having a good time. Evan was thrilled the universe made it easy for him to know where to find the right woman for his new plan.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan drove to downtown Naperville and parked in a parking garage. His confidence began to waver. He was not like his best friend, Guido. It was not Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s practice to walk up to random women and proposition them. Even if he were courageous enough to approach a woman, Evan wondered how he would know she was the right one.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t have any deep faith in universal directives, but he was open-minded and figured it wouldn\u8217\'92t hurt to ask the universe for a favor. So, he closed his eyes and asked the universe to make it completely clear who his future girlfriend would be. Although Evan\u8217\'92s confidence level decreased as his anxiety level increased, his determination remained strong. He fought through the anxiety and headed toward the fall festival by way of downtown Naperville.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan exited the parking garage and headed into the busy downtown area. Suddenly, things became very real for Evan. He struggled through his anxiety to press forward. He mentally chanted to himself, }{\f1\fs28\b0\i1\cf4 please make it obvious, please make it obvious}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 .}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan turned the corner of a city block. There were dozens of people lining the sidewalk, eating at outdoor caf\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u233\'E9s, and generally moving around. Amongst all the commotion, a long-haired redhead caught his attention. She was dining at an outdoor caf\u233\'E9 about three-quarters of the way down the block. Everything else seemed to be out of focus. Evan was certain this was the woman he was supposed to meet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan may have been confident he found the right woman, but he was in a near panic when it came to the thought of approaching her. He decided to walk slowly toward her, hoping courage would find its way into him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan slowed to a pace that could barely be considered walking. He hyperfocused his hearing onto their conversation, drowning out the various sounds around him. He was able to hear every word the redheaded woman and her friend were saying.}}