{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26 <$Scr_Ps::0>Laura and Evan met at a bustling coffee shop, chosen for its strategic location midway between their homes \endash  just the right amount of inconspicuous. Evan arrived, the scholarship paperwork tucked under his arm: authorization forms, a carefully worded acceptance letter, and the hefty cashier's check for $15,000.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 As Laura signed the documents authorizing her as the loan member of the selection committee, curiosity got the better of her. "Evan, this is a lot of money. Are you... like, rich?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 Evan chuckled, a hint of warmth in his eyes."I don't consider myself rich, but you might be surprised. My expenses are probably way lower than yours and Maggie's. No mortgage, no fancy car... I rent out my cabin when I'm not there, so that turns a nice profit."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 Laura's eyebrows shot up. "Seriously? How long does it take to make $15,000?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 "Liz takes a salary from the foundation since she handles the daily stuff. I don't, mostly because I volunteer a lot. My income's from company profits... It varies, but a week or two. And that comes whether I work or not." Evan paused, then added, "I've got plenty just sitting there doing nothing. Would much rather see it help Maggie stay in school."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 "Wow, that's... I had no idea!" Laura shook her head in wonderment."Okay, phase one done. What's next?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 Evan handed her the acceptance letter with detailed instructions. "You're mailbox duty tomorrow morning. Slip this in with the regular mail and make sure Maggie opens it before anyone else."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 Laura's eyes scanned the envelope, then narrowed. "Um, Evan? There's no stamp. We've gotta be better than this!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 A sheepish grin spread across Evan's face. "Oops. Think you can fix that for me?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 "Of course. And listen, I want you there when Maggie opens it. Come over early tomorrow, before the Christmas Eve party. It'll be better if it's just us three when she gets the news."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 "Good call. Just text me when." Evan paused, a flicker of doubt in his eyes. "Do you think... I mean, is there any chance this will actually work?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 Laura's laugh was tinged with a touch of desperation. "Honestly? Probably not. But we have to try, right?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 "Right. Hey, we should prep tonight. What do we say if she catches on?" A mischievous glint appeared in Evan's eye. "There's an old trick that usually works for me..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 "And what's that?" Laura leaned in, intrigued.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 "We tell her she'd do the same for you if the roles were reversed. And that she'd absolutely want you to accept it."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 Laura grinned. "Perfect! Anything else?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 "Nope. I think you've got it covered."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 "Great! Then... Operation Scholarship, phase two \endash  go!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 They raised their coffee mugs in a mock-serious toast, a mix of excitement and nervous energy sparking between them.<!$Scr_Ps::0>}}