{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red186\green124\blue93;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>The lingering energy of the fall festival hung in the air as Evan and Maggie stood on a quiet side street. Laughter and music had faded, replaced by the stillness of a downtown emptied after a day of celebration. The couple stood bathed in the soft glow of a street-lamp, its warmth a stark contrast to the cool night breeze. Remnants of the day \endash  an abandoned festival program, a stray piece of popcorn \endash  littered the sidewalk, reminders of the crowds who had recently passed through.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Maggie leaned against Evan, a contented sigh escaping her lips. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I haven't had this much fun in ages! Ferris wheels, great music, impossible-to-win carnival games... and of course," her eyes sparkled with delight, "the kissing!" She grinned. "For the record, you're }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 an amazing kisser}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 !"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Warmth flooded Evan's cheeks. He wanted nothing more than to echo her enthusiasm, to tell her how her vibrant spirit brightened the evening. But a flicker of hesitation held him back. Instead, he settled for a simple, yet sincere, "Thanks. I had a great time too."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Their eyes met, and a charged silence fell between them. Maggie seemed oblivious to his inner turmoil, leaning in for another kiss. Her enthusiasm was infectious, and for a blissful few moments, Evan allowed himself to simply enjoy the connection. }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 They kissed once more, slowly and sweetly, a silent exchange of affection.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan pulled back slowly, speaking softly, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That was nice.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 [ Consider Maggie showing some kind of reaction or facial expression to, what she saw as, Evans reassuring words.]<!$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 "One last kiss before Laura swoops in," Maggie murmured, her voice tinged with a mix of playfulness and a hint of dread. "She's liable to grill me about the night \endash  I want to savor this feeling just a little longer." She chuckled at the thought, then added, "We should probably play it cool, too. No hand-holding when she arrives."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 "Message received," he said, a touch of formality creeping into his voice. "Don't worry, I won't let the cat out of the bag." He cleared his throat, then added, "Our plans for this week... they're still on, right?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Maggie beamed. "Absolutely! Can't wait to teach you all my kitchen secrets." Her enthusiasm was infectious, temporarily pushing aside Evan's lingering unease.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 The distant rumble of a car engine punctuated the silence. Laura's vehicle pulled around the corner, headlights slicing through the darkness. She rolled down the window and waved at the pair, a broad grin on her face.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Maggie opened the passenger door but hesitated. A rush of defiance surged through her. "Screw it!" she whispered, dashing back to Evan. She planted a lingering kiss on his lips, her eyes sparkling with a mix of joy and daring. Then, with a final wink, she hopped into Laura's car.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Laura gaped at the scene, her jaw practically hitting the steering wheel. "Oh. My. God!" She glanced between her sister and Evan, her eyes wide with astonishment. "Did I really just see what I think I saw?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Maggie said nothing, simply smiled and leaned back against her seat, closing her eyes. A wave of contentment washed over her, and she relished the feeling, refusing to let Laura's curiosity dampen her joy.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 "You're killing me, Mags," Laura finally sputtered. "Spill. Every. Detail."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Maggie gently raised a finger to her lips, a teasing smile playing at the corners of her mouth. "Shhh. Let me savor this for a bit longer. All the juicy gossip, when we get home, I promise." A silent plea flickered in her eyes, begging for a moment's respite to simply feel the warmth of the unexpected love blossoming within her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Laura looked ready to protest, but one look at Maggie's blissful expression made her relent. With a sigh of mock resignation, she shifted the car into drive, speeding towards home with newfound urgency. She was practically bursting with curiosity, eager to finally hear the full story of Maggie's whirlwind romance.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Let me know if you'd like to make further adjustments, or if you feel this is ready to see as part of the completed Chapter 4!<!$Scr_Ps::0>}}