{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red0\green108\blue175;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Maggie and Evan were waiting in a long line of cars exiting the parking garage after the play was over.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I really, really enjoyed that, Evan. Thank you so much. I\u8217\'92ve never seen a live play before,\u8221\'94 said Maggie.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m glad you enjoyed it. I love live theater,\u8221\'94 said Evan.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I can see why. It\u8217\'92s so much better than a night at the movies.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93When it\u8217\'92s our turn to exit, I could turn left to get to the highway and drop you off at home. Or I can turn right, and we could go back to my place,\u8221\'94 said Evan.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You mean to stay the night?\u8221\'94 asked Maggie.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know if I\u8217\'92m ready for that yet, Evan.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 Evan joked, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Did you think I meant to sleep with me? No, I certainly did not mean that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You didn\u8217\'92t?\u8221\'94 questioned Maggie.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 Evan continued his joke. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No. Of course not. We just met. I wouldn\u8217\'92t sleep with you even if you beg me to.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 Maggie played along. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, Evan. Will you please sleep with me? Oh, please sleep with me! I\u8217\'92m begging you!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Geez, Maggie. I guess I will. If you insist.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 Maggie laughed out loud and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You caved fast!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I felt sorry for you, with you begging and all,\u8221\'94 joked Evan.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s expression turned more serious as he said, \u8220\'93I like spending time with you. I have a guest bedroom with a private bathroom. We can find you something to wear to bed. We can have a drink, talk a bit, or watch TV. I\u8217\'92m not expecting anything more. I just want to be with you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I want to be with you too, Evan. But I\u8217\'92ve known you less than a week. It\u8217\'92s all moving so fast,\u8221\'94 said Maggie.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93One more car until the exit. If you don\u8217\'92t tell me differently, I\u8217\'92ll turn left and head toward Naperville.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 It was Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s turn to exit the garage. He had his left turn signal on and was ready to turn left when Maggie shouted, \u8220\'93Go right! Go right!\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Ps::0>}}