{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Bold;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red0\green149\blue223;\red170\green64\blue101;\red76\green76\blue76;\red208\green78\blue124;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \sa60\sb240\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs32\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_H::2>Scene Profile: }{\f2\fs28\b1\i0 Scene #42: Resistance vs. Persistence<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sl120\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf5
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 Summary:<!$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf6 Upon uncovering Evan and Laura's scholarship scheme, Maggie's emotions flare with a mix of anger and disappointment. She refuses the offer, unwilling to feel like a charity case. A tug-of-war ensues, with Maggie fiercely resisting while Evan and Laura persist, urging her to reconsider and accept the scholarship.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sl120\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf6
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 Leading Context:}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf6 In the previous scene, Maggie uncovers her congratulatory letter and a cashier's check for the scholarship tucked inside an envelope. Skepticism quickly sets in, leading her to piece together several clues. Her detective work culminates when she notices the envelope's missing postmark. This scene resumes right after she voices her question about the absent postmark.<!$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sl120\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf6
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Ps::1>Setting:<!$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 - Location:}{\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::4> Maggie and Laura's apartment.<!$Scr_Cs::4>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 - Time:}{\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::4> Early evening.<!$Scr_Cs::4>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 - Weather/Environment:}{\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::4> N/A.<!$Scr_Cs::4><!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sl168\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 Characters Present:<!$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 - Main Characters:}{\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::4> Evan, Maggie, Laura.<!$Scr_Cs::4><!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sl168\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf7
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 Character Emotional State:<!$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::4>- }{\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 Evan}{\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 :}{\f4\fs22\b0\i0  In the current scene, Evan feels a wave of relief as Maggie uncovers the truth behind the scholarship scheme. This alleviation stems from his dread of potentially lying to her throughout their relationship. Despite being caught, he adopts a nearly playful demeanor, attempting to divert Maggie's attention from the deceit and towards simply accepting the scholarship. As the scene unfolds, his demeanor shifts to that of a supportive boyfriend, earnestly trying to convince Maggie that accepting the gift is in her best interest due to her deserving nature.}
\par\plain {\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 - }{\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 Maggie}{\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 :}{\f4\fs22\b0\i0  Maggie navigates a spectrum of mild negative emotions, including anger, disappointment, and a sense of betrayal. However, these feelings are fleeting, quickly giving way to gratitude towards Evan and Laura's efforts. Despite this, her innate stubbornness dominates the scene, only slightly diminishing as she starts to consider their perspective towards the scene's close.}
\par\plain {\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 - }{\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 Laura}{\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 : }{\f4\fs22\b0\i0 Laura, paralleling Evan's approach, addresses being discovered in the scholarship scheme with a light-hearted attitude. Even in the face of their plan unraveling, she maintains a playful facade, hoping Maggie will overlook the deceit and accept the scholarship. As the scene progresses, Laura becomes an encouraging friend, joining forces with Evan to advocate for Maggie's acceptance of the scholarship, fully aware of the profound and positive impact it could have on her friend's current and future circumstances.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sl120\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf1  <!$Scr_Cs::4><!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sl168\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf7
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Ps::1>POV:}{\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::4> Third Person Omniscient.<!$Scr_Cs::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sl168\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf6
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 Dialogue Focus:}{\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::4> Heavy.<!$Scr_Cs::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sl168\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 Use of Internal Dialogue:}{\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::4> Typically, I like some level of internal dialogue in all my scenes. However, since this is third person omniscient POV, my understanding is that internal dialogue would not be appropriate.<!$Scr_Cs::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sl168\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 Objectives/Goals:<!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \li360\sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs26\b1\i0 Relationship Dynamics}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 : This scene subtly reveals the evolving relationship between Evan and Laura. For some, this growth may hint at a burgeoning friendship, while others might speculate on a deeper, albeit unspoken, romantic layer. The ambiguity of their connection continues throughout Laura's arc in the narrative, intentionally left open to reader interpretation. The intricacy of this relationship, though pivotal, especially as the story progresses toward its climax, ultimately remains an enigma.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs26\b1\i0 Genuine Affection}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 : Amid the complexities of unusual relationship arrangements and convoluted scholarship schemes, the true essence of the interactions within this trio comes to the fore. It becomes evident that Evan, Laura, and Maggie harbor a profound care for one another, underpinned by a shared desire for mutual happiness and well-being.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs26\b1\i0 Maggie's Aversion to Financial Aid}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 : A significant part of this scene delves into Maggie's deep-seated discomfort with accepting financial assistance, portraying her as someone who staunchly opposes being seen as a beneficiary of charity. Her persistent refusal of a life-altering gift underscores a significant character trait - her aversion to money and dependency. This scenario not only highlights her values but also invites readers to ponder the delicate balance between pride, generosity, and acceptance.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sl120\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf1  }
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Ps::1>Notes:<!$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf6 This document is  a Scene Profile and is meant to be used as a reference. Do not write the scene at this time.}
\par\plain {\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf6 <!$Scr_Ps::2>}}