{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Small;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx562\tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2808\tx3370\tx3931\tx4493\tx5054\tx5616\tx6178\tx6739\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Hi Olivia,}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 I've submitted four documents.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 1. The current draft of my work in progress \endash  the first two chapters of the main book.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 2. The current outline of those chapters. That's an optional read for your reference.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 3. An older version of the scene that I wanted to focus on.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 4. The agenda for our meeting.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Note:}
\par\pard\plain \sl312\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs30\cf1 I know I gave you a lot to read, and I don't expect you to thoroughly know each scene given limited time. However, I did want you to thoroughly read the old and new versions of the chapter where Evan reveals his plan, "}{\f2\fs26\b1 Scene #11: }{\f1\fs26\b0 Evan Reveals Love, Annually Plan}{\f1\fs30\b0\cf1 ." }
\par\plain \f1\fs30\b0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs30\b0\cf1 You need more time to be able to thoroughly read the old and new versions of the scene, let me know we can adjust our meeting time. For many reasons, I feel this is an important scene to discuss before I continue writing more scenes of my draft. }
\par\plain \f1\fs30\b0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs30\b0\cf1 This was actually the scene that started it all in my head. All other scenes and chapters sprouted from this scene.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs30\b0\cf1 The agenda lists some of the items that I want to discuss regarding the new and old versions of the scene. But I'm not locked into anything we can add more if you see something important.}
\par\plain \f1\fs30\b0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs30\b0\cf1 Let me know if we need to push back our video session to accommodate the agenda. At the moment, my schedule still open.}}