{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Evan was the first to arrive, and boy, did he make an entrance. The door swung open, and there he was, practically bouncing in with a bunch of flowers in one hand and a bottle of wine in the other. Liz\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face instantly lit up, her smile as wide as Evan\u8217\'92s. The vibe was electric, buzzing with the kind of excitement that promises a night to remember.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hi, sis!\u8221\'94 Evan practically shouted, unable to contain his excitement, giving Liz a brotherly hug.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Liz, totally caught by the surprise and warmth of the moment, grinned back. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Wow, that was some entrance! What did I do to deserve these wonderful gifts?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan just shrugged, his smile not fading in the least. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No special reason. I was just in the mood to give my big sis some flowers and wine!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Liz, now with a curious glint in her eye, teased him. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That must have been some date last night. I haven\u8217\'92t seen you this excited in forever.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s smile took a slight dip, turning thoughtful. \u8220\'93It was nothing spectacular. It was just a decent date like they all are.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Liz, going in for a gentle nudge, asked, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And if they\u8217\'92re all decent, then how come you rarely go on a second date?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 You could see Evan deflate a bit, a sigh escaping him. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Because I want more than decent. You know how much I dislike dating.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Liz gave him a knowing look, her voice softening. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I know. Unfortunately, dating is almost always part of the process. I know you don\u8217\'92t like talking about Sarah, and I don\u8217\'92t want to spoil your great mood. But she is a one-of-a-kind girl, Evan. Not many women will want to jump right into a relationship and treat her first date like a negotiation of a business partnership.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s grin sneaked back, a bit of mischief twinkling in his eyes. \u8220\'93Not if they know that\u8217\'92s what\u8217\'92s happening.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Liz\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s concern showed clearly on her face. \u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t like the way that sounds, Evan. That sounds like something Guido would say. What harebrained scheme have you two concocted this time?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Still riding his high, Evan assured her, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Guido has no idea what I have in mind. I want to wait until everybody\u8217\'92s here before I share my idea. I can\u8217\'92t believe it took me this long to figure things out.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Liz leaned in, her interest clearly piqued. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Figure what out?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan was practically glowing with pride. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why I rarely go on a second date and why I\u8217\'92ve been feeling so hopeless and lonely. I have been approaching this dating ritual all wrong. And after yet another \u8216\'91decent\u8217\'92 date, I finally realized how to turn it all around!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Liz\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s curiosity was now off the charts. \u8220\'93And you\u8217\'92re gonna make me wait until everybody gets here to tell me?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 With a nod, Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s playful side showed. \u8220\'93Sorry, but yep! They\u8217\'92ll be here soon. I can\u8217\'92t wait to share my idea with everybody! Oh my God, Liz. I feel so amazing!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <!$Scr_Ps::0>}}