{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Small;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs30\cf1 I like how the Sarah character played out over the series. I resisted any temptation to make her a stereotypical villain or antagonist of the story, like ex-wives/ex-husbands are often betrayed in romance novels. }
\par\plain \f1\fs30\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs30\cf1 I actually play off this "Sarah is a villain" concept, part dramatically and part playfully in book 3. Ultimately, I don't fall into the trap of using Sarah as an easy way to squeeze a villain into the story. While many readers in the story may feel she feels she's a villain, they will have to admit there's something about her that's not villainous at all. And while in book 2, I don't bring a satisfying conclusion to that, in book 3 I absolutely do. In very surprising ways!}
\par\plain \f1\fs30\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs30\cf1 Many characters in the book, see Sarah as a villain, while at the same time having to admit that she does not exactly fit the villainous profile. I'm hoping the reader will enjoy and experience this "confusion", and if they make it to the end of Book 3, I hope they will enjoy the end of her arc. }
\par\plain \f1\fs30\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs30\cf1 I will give you one teaser, Chloe, you will soon learn has insecurities about Sarah. In book 2, Chloe admits to feeling second best, partly because she doesn't perceive herself as beautiful, while Sarah has the body and looks of a supermodel. Also, because while Chloe is an open book when she shares her feelings, unafraid to tell Evan about any boyfriend she's ever been with, Evan is a tightly closed book when it comes to Sarah. }
\par\plain \f1\fs30\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs30\cf1 This leaves Chloe feeling second best - feeling Sarah still owns part of Evan\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s heart. We see her roller coaster from thinking she's overcome this feeling to reliving it multiple times during the Book. Chloe indeed is a roller coaster. Obviously, there's much more to this than I can share here. But this feeling of second best leads to some of my favorite scenes in Book 3. What happens when Chloe and Sarah meet and their scenes together after the meeting are anything but predictable. }
\par\plain \f1\fs30\cf1}