{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Small;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs30\b0\i0\cf1 I need a location description for the Vaughn Group's office, located at the intersection of Wabash and Lake in downtown Chicago. They are on the fourth floor of a 10 floor building. Their offices are clean, uncluttered. Offices and conference rooms align the outside of the 5000 square-foot rectangle, while the main area is divided into cubicles. When first walking into the main entrance, there is a comfortable waiting area with a receptionist window behind the wall with a door that leads into the larger office area. Inside the office, the walls are decorated with modern black-and-white photography of buildings and bridges and other well-known sites of the city, as well as motivational business posters. }
\par\plain \f1\fs30\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs30\b0\i0\cf1 There is an exception on one conference room, nicknamed "inspiration." Contrasting the sleek, modern art adorning the rest of the office. This conference room has a three-piece painting, created by Liz's friend Chloe. It's a vibrant, abstract piece, that many of Evan's staff, which he calls team members, find inspirational \endash  thus the nickname.}
\par\plain \f1\fs30\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs30\b0\i0\cf1 Use that information, along with your own creativity to create a location description for the location profile. This will be location for several scenes in the novel.}}