{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>The Christmas Eve party buzzed with merriment, laughter, and music spilling out into the hallway. Evan lingered by the closed door, sharing a warm goodbye with Maggie. His forced smile faltered, a flicker of unease clouding his features. Regret tugged at him; Maggie had invited him to stay the night, and he respectfully declined under the guise of spending Christmas morning with his mother and Liz. The excuse held a grain of truth, but guilt settled over him like an unwelcome guest. He pushed the unsettling feelings aside for now, focusing on the moment.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s been a wonderful night, Maggie,\u8221\'94 Evan said, his eyes meeting hers. \u8220\'93I wish I could stay.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Maggie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face fell slightly. \u8220\'93I know,\u8221\'94 she replied, a trace of disappointment in her tone. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s okay. Christmas is family time.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 They shared a lingering kiss, a familiar warmth mingling with a bittersweet undercurrent. Evan broke away, guilt gnawing at him again. He waved goodbye, hurrying down the hallway towards the elevator, the cheerful facade he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d worn throughout the party beginning to crumble.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 The drive home was silent save for the soft hum of the car engine. The festive cheer of Maggie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s party gave way to an oppressive quiet, mirroring Evan\u8217\'92s internal turmoil. Images of the evening flashed through his mind: Maggie\u8217\'92s radiant smile, her newfound lightness as she reveled in the unexpected relief from her financial burdens. A pang of satisfaction warmed him, followed by a wave of unease.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Was it merely the circumstances of our relationship plan driving my scholarship gift? If we weren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t bound by this unusual situation, would I still be so inclined to ease her burdens? Would the same sense of obligation even exist? The answer remained frustratingly elusive.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 A cacophony of voices rose in his mind. Guido's echoes rang loud: "The end justifies the means, Ev. She gets to stay in school!" In sharp contrast, Liz's gentle wisdom whispered, "Remember, Evan, even small falsehoods build into towering deceptions. Honesty is always the best policy." An ache settled in Evan's chest. His usual reliance on Liz's pragmatism wavered. He couldn't deny the positive change the scholarship had brought into Maggie's life. Yet, the deception gnawed at him, leaving an unsettling taste of guilt.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 That night, nestled in the familiar comfort of his own bed, Evan knew the true reason he hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t stayed over at Maggie\u8217\'92s was a guilt too heavy to ignore.<!$Scr_Ps::0>}}