{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red163\green101\blue209;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>As everyone took their usual spots around the poker table, it was clear Evan wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t quite ready to join the seated circle. Instead, he stood, energy crackling around him, a sure sign he was gearing up for something more than just a night of cards. The usual banter flowed, with Evan sparking it off with a nudge at Guido, \u8220\'93Before we start taking Guido\u8217\'92s money,\u8221\'94 tossing a playful glance his way. The room burst into laughter, a perfect setup for what was coming.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Guido, never one to miss a beat, fired back, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Brace yourselves, folks. By the end of the night, it\u8217\'92s your money that will be finding a new home in my wallet!\u8221\'94 The banter had everyone in stitches, pulling them closer in that moment of shared laughter.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 But as the laughter faded, eyes started to drift back to Evan. It dawned on everyone that he hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t just stood up to stretch his legs. Everyone seemed curious, except for Joe, who seemed more interested in the deck of cards in his hand than Evan\u8217\'92s next words. There was a vibe of expectancy in the air, a collective pause as they awaited Evan\u8217\'92s next move.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan grinned, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re probably wondering why I\u8217\'92m still on my feet. Well, after yet another uninspiring date, I had an epiphany that led to a breakthrough idea I can\u8217\'92t wait to share with all of you!\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0  Evan, knowing the power of engagement, decided to make his pitch interactive, ditching a straightforward announcement for something that felt more like the beginning of a mystery novel. He kicked things off with a question. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s the major pitfall in long-term relationships?\u8221\'94 He asked, anxious to see if anyone would venture a guess.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Guido, quick to inject his brand of humor, didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t miss a beat. \u8220\'93They end up hating each other.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Alicia, with her sharp wit always at the ready, aimed her retort squarely at Guido\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s cavalier remark. \u8220\'93How would you know? Your idea of a long-term relationship is a three-day weekend,\u8221\'94 she delivered with a straight face, her dry humor cutting through the room and drawing a burst of laughter from everyone, Guido included.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Appreciating the jibe, Guido couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t help but concede, his laughter mixing with the group\u8217\'92s amusement. \u8220\'93I gotta hand it to you, Alicia, that was a good one!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Without missing a beat, Alicia redirected the attention back to Evan, keen to cut through the banter and get to the heart of the matter. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ignore him, Evan. Let\u8217\'92s hear this idea of yours,\u8221\'94 she suggested, her tone shifting to one of earnest curiosity, signaling her readiness to delve into Evan\u8217\'92s anticipated revelation.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan, acknowledging the some level of truth in Guido\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s jest with a nod, added his perspective. \u8220\'93Well, \u8216\'91hating\u8217\'92 might be strong, but you\u8217\'92re not entirely wrong,\u8221\'94 he conceded. This acknowledgment sparked a variety of reactions among the group: a smug grin from Guido, a nonchalant shrug from Joe, a piqued interest from Abe, and twin expressions of astonishment from Liz and Alicia, all now fully attuned to Evan, eager for the unveil of his epiphany.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan, with a seriousness that momentarily dimmed the room\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s earlier levity, laid out a sobering statistic, capturing everyone\u8217\'92s full attention. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s a fact that over 50% of marriages in this country end in divorce. Just look around us. Joe\u8217\'92s folks are the exception here. Liz and I saw our parents split when we were kids. Guido and Alicia, you both were raised by single moms. And Abe, your parents called it quits later on.\u8221\'94 He let his words sink in, giving his friends a moment to absorb the reality he presented.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 A thoughtful silence enveloped the group as they digested Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s words, their expressions turning introspective. The shared understanding of Evan\u8217\'92s point, reinforced by their own experiences, created a bond of silent agreement. Their eyes eventually drifted back to Evan, reflecting a blend of intrigue and a touch of sadness at the truth he unveiled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 With the room\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s attention riveted on him again, Evan continued, doubling down on his argument. \u8220\'93If I had to guess, I\u8217\'92d say 90% of committed relationships don\u8217\'92t last, ending in breakup or divorce.\u8221\'94 His claim, stark and somewhat jarring, echoed in the silence that followed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Liz, whose belief in love and commitment was as unshakeable as her spirit, found Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s statistic hard to swallow. \u8220\'93Evan, that\u8217\'92s just not right. 90%?  Doubtful,\u8221\'94 she countered, her voice laced with incredulity and a hint of challenge, her expression mirroring her disbelief.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan, undeterred by the mixed reactions, posed another intriguing question, aiming to draw everyone into his line of thinking. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Can anyone guess how many people are registered on dating or hookup sites?\u8221\'94 he asked, scanning the room for guesses.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Liz, though slightly annoyed by the turn the conversation was taking, couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t help but engage. \u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know, Evan\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a million?\u8221\'94 she guessed, her voice a mix of curiosity and skepticism.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan, ready with his research, corrected her. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Conservatively, tens and tens and tens of millions,\u8221\'94 he stated, emphasizing \u8220\'93tens\u8221\'94 to underscore the vastness of his discovery.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Liz\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s skepticism persisted, finding the number hard to digest. \u8220\'93That can\u8217\'92t be right,\u8221\'94 she contested, struggling to grasp the enormity of the figure.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan, confident in his findings, stood his ground. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s true, I researched it last night,\u8221\'94 he assured her, eager to convince her of his point.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Guido, ever supportive, exclaimed, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93My boy did his homework!\u8221\'94.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan, seizing the moment to drive his point home, continued, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93With a few cringy exceptions, that means, like me, those tens of millions of website members have a 100% failure rate.\u8221\'94 His bold statement, delivered with a mix of earnestness and a hint of frustration, lingered in the air, prompting the group to consider the implications.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Abe, with a thoughtful nod, lent his voice to the discussion, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I think you\u8217\'92re onto something, Evan. The students at the university are always chatting about their online dating adventures. If I had to guess, a vast majority of them, in my classes at least, are probably using or have used dating sites.\u8221\'94 His deep, authoritative voice added a layer of gravitas to Evan\u8217\'92s point.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Exactly!\u8221\'94 Evan responded, his enthusiasm undimmed. \u8220\'93And think about all the single folks out there not even on the Internet looking for love.\u8221\'94 He spread his hands wide, as if to encompass the vastness of his realization.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Guido, ever ready with a jest, couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t help but tease, \u8220\'93Get ready folks. Sounds like Evan\u8217\'92s about to hit us with some more stats.\u8221\'94 His smirk suggested he was half-joking, half-preparing for Evan\u8217\'92s next deep dive.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan, momentarily pausing to scratch his head, sighed. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93When I think about all the couples I\u8217\'92ve known over the years, it feels like half of them aren\u8217\'92t exactly living the dream. They stay together for the kids, convenience, financial concerns, or dread the idea of starting over. That leaves only 5% of relationships that I would consider healthy.\u8221\'94 His voice trailed off, a hint of sadness tinging his words as he contemplated the state of modern relationships.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Liz, with a blend of defensiveness and belief, couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t stay silent. \u8220\'93But look at us here. Our relationships are strong, aren\u8217\'92t they?\u8221\'94 Her voice had that edge, showing she was ready to stand up for the love stories present in the room.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan treaded carefully, not wanting to step on any toes. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Absolutely, I\u8217\'92m not saying otherwise. It\u8217\'92s just, in my observation, the energy in most relationships doesn\u8217\'92t stay as high as when it first sparked. That initial year, often called the \u8216\'91honeymoon phase,\u8217\'92 tends to be the peak.\u8221\'94 He paused, noticing Liz leaning in, maybe gearing up for a rebuttal. Choosing his words with care, he avoided steering the conversation into more sensitive waters.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes then took on a distant gleam, his voice filled with a hint of nostalgia. \u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s something irreplaceable about that first year. The excitement of the first kiss, the warmth of holding hands for the first time, the exhilaration of new intimacy, finding those special little spots to eat, the first getaway together.\u8221\'94 He stopped, momentarily caught up in the memory, a faint smile on his lips.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 However, Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s tone grew heavier, his look turning downwards. \u8220\'93But as time passes, it feels like the effort fades. Arguments become more frequent, the eagerness to see each other wanes, until sometimes, it fades to nothing. And before you know it,\u8221\'94 his voice dropped, grappling with the reality, \u8220\'93you\u8217\'92re signing divorce papers, or just parting ways, left with nothing but heartache.\u8221\'94 His eyes lifted, meeting those gathered, sharing a silent understanding. \u8220\'93It seems like keeping the spark from that first year alive is a battle even the strongest couples face.\u8221\'94 The atmosphere was thick with a shared reflection, everyone silently mulling over Evan\u8217\'92s insights on the challenges of sustaining love\u8217\'92s initial fire.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Alicia leaned in, her voice reflecting both wisdom and personal experience. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Evan, it\u8217\'92s important to remember that each love story is its own. For Abe and me, it\u8217\'92s not about constant public displays of affection; it\u8217\'92s about a deep, respectful connection. This respect extends to understanding the sacrifices we make for our careers,\u8221\'94 she said, providing a counterpoint to Evan\u8217\'92s earlier points, adding depth to the conversation with her perspective.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Abe added his own insights, his calm demeanor underlining his words. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Evan, while I find your ideas intriguing, the notion of maintaining a relationship\u8217\'92s intensity at its initial peak is unrealistic. Life, by its nature, involves ebbs and flows. It\u8217\'92s about finding balance rather than striving for a constant high,\u8221\'94 he commented, gently challenging Evan\u8217\'92s premise with a philosophical lens.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Liz, reflecting inwardly, shared her own struggles. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I have to confess, Joe and I sometimes let the daily grind get the best of us. It\u8217\'92s easier to unwind in front of the TV than to actively engage with each other,\u8221\'94 she admitted, her honesty exposing the common challenges couples face in maintaining connection.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan quickly interjected, his tone full of concern. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Liz, my goal wasn\u8217\'92t to criticize or make anyone feel guilty, especially not you,\u8221\'94 he said, seeking to ease any discomfort his observations might have caused.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Liz responded with understanding, her voice warmer. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I know you weren\u8217\'92t accusing anyone. Sure, the initial excitement Joe and I felt has subsided, but it\u8217\'92s been replaced by a deeper, more meaningful bond. Our love has grown stronger through both joy and adversity. Evan, in all your calculations, you\u8217\'92ve overlooked the most crucial element\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 love,\u8221\'94 she concluded, highlighting the enduring strength and significance of her relationship with Joe, offering a hopeful counterpoint to Evan\u8217\'92s analytical approach.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan, visibly shaken by the depth of his own feelings, let out a sigh, the room\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s atmosphere heavy with empathy. \u8220\'93Love, for me, is a closed chapter. I had my chance at true love, and now it\u8217\'92s gone,\u8221\'94 he admitted, his voice thick with emotion. The silence that followed was palpable, everyone processing the raw honesty of his words.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Liz, ever the protector, stepped in with a hug that spoke volumes, pulling back to look at Evan with eyes brimming with compassion. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Evan, you\u8217\'92re only 29 years old and have your whole life ahead of you. Love hasn\u8217\'92t left you for good,\u8221\'94 she assured him, her voice a beacon of optimism in the somber room.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s frustration surfaced, a rare sight. \u8220\'93Really, Liz?\u8221\'94 he shot back, skepticism edging his words. He then called out to Joe, who had been engrossed in shuffling cards. \u8220\'93Joe,\u8221\'94 he asked, once he had Joe\u8217\'92s attention, \u8220\'93if things with Liz ended, could you see yourself with someone else?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Joe\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s response was immediate and unwavering. \u8220\'93Absolutely not. Liz is my one and only. There\u8217\'92s no \u8216\'91next\u8217\'92 for me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Turning the focus back to Liz, Evan probed, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And you, Liz? If things didn\u8217\'92t work out with Joe, would there be someone else for you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Liz, caught off guard by Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s probing, retorted, \u8220\'93Evan, that\u8217\'92s an unfair question.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan persisted, his point hitting home. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s the most relevant question there is. We\u8217\'92ve all found our once-in-a-lifetime love. If I still had mine, the quiet nights, the routine\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 it\u8217\'92d all be worth it, knowing we\u8217\'92re in it together.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Liz, usually so in tune with Evan, found herself grappling with an unusual sense of irritation. Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s defiance, a stark contrast to his usual demeanor, left her unsettled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Sensing the growing tension, Alicia intervened, aiming to redirect the conversation. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Evan, what\u8217\'92s the end goal here? You mentioned an epiphany and a breakthrough idea?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Her words seemed to break the spell of gloom, reigniting Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s initial excitement. With renewed vigor, he prepared to share his vision, his expression alight with the promise of unveiling his unconventional solution to the complexities of love and relationships.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Alicia\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s intervention proved effective, pulling Evan back from the brink of despondency. Revitalized, the initial zeal with which Evan began the discussion made a comeback, signaling he was primed to divulge both his revelation and his novel approach to relationships.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This isn\u8217\'92t just a breakthrough; it\u8217\'92s a revolution in dating. Keeping it to ourselves might be a crime against single people everywhere,\u8221\'94 Evan proclaimed, his eyes sparkling with enthusiasm.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan, his voice gaining the cadence of a seasoned storyteller, began, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So, there I was, driving home last night, just glad to have the date behind me. Yet, I couldn\u8217\'92t help but replay every moment of it in my head. The woman I was with? She was undeniably attractive, intelligent, and had a great sense of humor. Despite her being so great, the thought of a second date didn\u8217\'92t even cross my mind.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Guido, leaning back with a smirk, couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t resist joking, \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll happily take her off your hands. Shoot me her number, will ya?\u8221\'94 Guido said, half hoping Evan would take him seriously and send her number his way.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Alicia, quick as ever, shot back, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Dream on, Guido. She\u8217\'92s way out of your league. Remember, Evan mentioned she\u8217\'92s intelligent.\u8221\'94 Her retort sent a wave of laughter through the group, Alicia\u8217\'92s wit shining through once again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Guido, with a chuckle, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve got to hand it to you, Alicia. You\u8217\'92re really on fire tonight!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan, pulling the focus back to his narrative, pressed on, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Reflecting on the countless dates from the past year, I realized something. While a few were outright disasters and others simply fell flat, the majority were decent dates. And yet, I rarely wanted a second date, and never a third. It was during this reflection I had my epiphany. Deep down, I knew these relationships were doomed to fail or become unsatisfying. More significantly, I finally accepted the fact that there was zero chance the relationship would result in true love.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Liz, her tone filled with empathy and concern, softly said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, Evan.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Abe leaned forward. This was getting interesting. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So, what groundbreaking idea did this epiphany lead to?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan rubbed his hands together, the gesture full of uncontainable excitement. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m glad you asked.\u8221\'94 An exuberant grin spread across his face. \u8220\'93After coming to terms with the impossibility of ever finding true love again, it dawned on me that there might be another way to capture something nearly as fulfilling!\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Alicia shifted in her seat, curiosity piqued. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And what\u8217\'92s this \u8216\'91next best thing\u8217\'92?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, since dating\u8217\'92s been a bust and finding \u8216\'91the one\u8217\'92 a second time is nothing more than a fairytale,\u8221\'94 Evan leaned in conspiratorially, \u8220\'93I thought of something kinda out there. Why not find someone cool? Not just a pretty face, but someone I actually enjoy hanging out with. Since relationships are often all fireworks in the first year, why not make a plan to just enjoy that ride for a year? Then, when the year is over, call it quits while things are still good, and avoid all that mess when things inevitably start to go downhill.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 He scanned his friends\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 faces, searching for a spark of enthusiasm to match his own. Instead, he found expressions ranging from bewilderment to outright shock. Liz, in particular, looked completely blown away \endash  shock wouldn\u8217\'92t even begin to cover it. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Liz sputtered, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Let me get this straight. Your grand scheme is to date a girl for a year and then dump her? What girl is going to go for that?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s not about \u8216\'91dating\u8217\'92 for a year, Liz,\u8221\'94 Evan protested, a defensive edge creeping into his voice. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s about sharing a meaningful relationship for that time. But yeah,\u8221\'94 he shrugged, \u8220\'93finding someone agreeable to such a proposition might be a challenge.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Alicia broke the silence with a touch of skepticism. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Evan, any woman worth spending a year with isn\u8217\'92t going to sign up for an expiration date on the relationship.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan slumped back in his chair, deflated. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re right, Alicia. Which is why I wouldn\u8217\'92t be able to disclose the full scope of my plan upfront. Besides, it could tarnish the Vaughn Foundation\u8217\'92s reputation if it ever got out that I\u8217\'92m going around asking women to be in a relationship of this kind.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Liz grunted, unable to mask her disbelief. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You think?\u8221\'94 Liz said in a sarcastic tone.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan furrowed his brow, a mix of worry and determination washing over him. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t feel great about not being able to disclose my plan upfront,\u8221\'94 he admitted, drumming his fingers on the table. \u8220\'93But, I think I\u8217\'92ve found a way to compensate for the deceit and the hurt that an unexpected breakup might cause.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Liz was skeptical. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And how do you propose to manage that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 A glimmer of resolve appeared in Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes. \u8220\'93Abe made a great point about people not equipped to live at constant emotional highs. Considering it\u8217\'92s just for a year, I plan to be \u8216\'91the world\u8217\'92s best boyfriend\u8217\'92-attentive, caring, supportive, and ensuring her every need is met. I know that\u8217\'92s something I can commit to for a year.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Liz crossed her arms, her amusement fading. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So, you believe being Mr. Perfect for a year makes up for the heartbreak of a blindside breakup?\u8221\'94 Her voice held a sharp edge.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan nodded firmly. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, I genuinely believe that. If a woman were to truly consider it, I think many would accept a moment of heartache in exchange for a year of being treated well.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Liz shook her head, genuine concern for her brother etched on her face. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Evan, you\u8217\'92re my brother, and I understand this is coming from a place of pain and loneliness,\u8221\'94 she said, her voice softening. \u8220\'93But I cannot, in good conscience, stand by and watch you go through with such a ridiculous plan.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Guido shifted uncomfortably in his seat. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Look, Evan\u8217\'92s approach might be a bit out there, but calling it ridiculous? That\u8217\'92s a stretch.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Liz spun towards him, incredulity written across her features. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How on earth can you defend this? Even if I wanted to support him, there\u8217\'92s no way this plan could ever succeed. Evan, you despise lying and you\u8217\'92re bad at it. Any woman would see right through this in a heartbeat.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan slumped back against his chair, a wave of resignation washing over him. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve been wrestling with this idea, thinking it through from every angle. Then It dawned on me that I wouldn\u8217\'92t have to lie per se\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 just avoid revealing my plan to break up after a year.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Liz, shaking her head in disapproval, voiced her skepticism directly, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Come on, Evan. You know better than that. The whole relationship would be one big lie.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 The room hung heavy with the gravity of her words, pressing down on Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hopeful spirit. Internally, Evan was torn, grappling with his silent rebuttal. }{\f1\fs26\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>But Liz, I\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92m at my wit\u8217\'92s end. Do I become like Guido, hopping from one bed to another? I\u8217\'92m done with dating; it\u8217\'92s just not for me. What choices do I have left?<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  He pondered, contemplating the bleak options before him: solitude or proceeding with his radical plan.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Seeing Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s internal struggle, Guido interjected, aiming to lighten the mood while supporting his friend, \u8220\'93Liz, I think you\u8217\'92re being a bit harsh. Everybody holds back something in a relationship - especially at the beginning. The dating world is all about people presenting their best selves, not their real selves. Evan\u8217\'92s not planning to lie; he\u8217\'92s just focusing on being the best partner he can be. Not because he has to, but because he wants to. That is Evan\u8217\'92s real self and there is no lie in that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Liz\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s concern softened her tone as she replied, \u8220\'93But can\u8217\'92t you see how that will make it harder on the poor girl? She\u8217\'92ll be left heartbroken, wondering why everything so perfect ended so suddenly.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Guido, ever ready to challenge the status quo, didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t back down. \u8220\'93So what you\u8217\'92re saying, Liz, is that Evan will never find true love again?\u8221\'94 he countered, sparking a moment of silent contemplation among everyone in the room.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Alicia, visibly upset by the turn of the conversation, defended Liz, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Liz didn\u8217\'92t say that, Guido! Don\u8217\'92t twist her words.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Guido, with a hint of mischief but making a point, retorted, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m just going by what I heard. It seemed pretty clear to me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Liz, trying to keep the peace yet clearly puzzled, asked, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Guido, why would you think I\u8217\'92m saying Evan\u8217\'92s never gonna find true love again?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Guido, with conviction in his voice, pressed on, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re assuming it\u8217\'92ll end in a breakup after a year, right?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0  Liz, intrigued yet perplexed, nodded in agreement, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s the plan, isn\u8217\'92t it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 As the conversation unfolded, Guido argued that relationships are unpredictable and that Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s plan might not necessarily end as expected. Suggesting Evan might fall in love with the first woman he tries this with, indicating a breakup might never happen.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan was irked by Guido\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s suggestion, }{\f1\fs26\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>Guido\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s nuts, I\u8217\'92m never going to fall in love again.<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s annoyance with Guido\u8217\'92s claims gave way to feeling a flicker of hope as he noticed Liz\u8217\'92s expression soften. }{\f1\fs26\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>Look at Liz\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s face! Is she finally starting to come around?<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  This hint of acceptance from Liz introduced a sliver of hope to Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s rigid outlook, suggesting that the path of his planned relationship might not be as predetermined as he thought. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan, seizing what he perceived as an opening in Liz\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s skepticism, ventured further. \u8220\'93Liz, think about it. If there\u8217\'92s even the smallest chance I could stumble upon love again, wouldn\u8217\'92t this approach be better than the endless string of go-nowhere dates? It\u8217\'92s either I discover someone to grow old with, or I enjoy a year of something meaningful before it inevitably ends. I need you in my corner on this one. Can\u8217\'92t you see it\u8217\'92s worth a shot?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Liz\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s response was a contemplative silence, her thoughts evidently churning.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 In Liz\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s silence, Evan saw a crack in the armor and turned up the sibling charm. \u8220\'93Liz, I\u8217\'92m begging here. I really think this could be good for me. I can\u8217\'92t do this without your support. Please, for your baby brother?\u8221\'94 He urged, his child-like smile disarmingly sweet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Liz\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s response was nonverbal, her departure to another room leaving a suspenseful silence in her wake, her silence leaving Evan in a state of hopeful anticipation, wondering if his words had swayed her heart.<!$Scr_Ps::0>}}