{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red0\green108\blue175;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93All right, I\u8217\'92ll accept the scholarship,\u8221\'94 said Maggie.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0>Laura squealed and jumped up and down before joining in on a three-way hug that lasted for several minutes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 Maggie looked at Evan and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I cannot accept such a large gift from you. So, we\u8217\'92re going to call this a loan. When I graduate and start earning a decent salary, I will start paying the loan back for as long as it takes me, with interest. Don\u8217\'92t even think about fighting me on this.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 Evan had prepared for Maggie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s demand. He said, \u8220\'93If you want to pay me back, you can. But may I make another suggestion? Why don\u8217\'92t you pay it forward?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Pay it forward?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes. I don\u8217\'92t need the money, and I\u8217\'92d rather see it go to someone who does. Instead of paying me back, why don\u8217\'92t you start your own culinary scholarship? The scholarship can be any amount of money. You can do $500 or $1000 a year for as long as you want. If you do an annual scholarship of $1000, 15 others will benefit.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 As usual, Laura and Evan were on the same page. Laura said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I love that idea! Why pay back someone who doesn\u8217\'92t need or want the money? Think about how much $500 or $1000 would mean to a struggling culinary student.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 That suggestion lifted Maggie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s spirits and succeeded in changing the way she viewed Evan\u8217\'92s gift. \u8220\'93That would feel like a fortune to most students. I really like that idea. I feel so much better about this now. Thank you so much! I love you two!\u8220\'93<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Laura and Evan reciprocated Maggie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s words of love and joined in another long-lasting group hug.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0>Maggie pulled back from the hug and asked, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why do I suddenly have a feeling my car repairs cost a lot more than $500?\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 With twin-like synchronicity, Evan and Laura zipped their lips, smiled, and looked away.}}