{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Corbel-Bold;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red130\green49\blue77;\red170\green64\blue101;\red76\green76\blue76;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \sa60\sb240\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs32\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_H::2>Character Profile:<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb120\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf5 Name:}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::1> Alicia Robinson<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf5 Gender:}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::1> Female<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf5 Age:}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::1> Mid-50's<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb120\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf5 Current residence:}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::1> Evanston, Illinois<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf5 Vehicle Driven:}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::1> Mercedes sedan<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf5 Ethnicity:}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::1> African-American<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf5 Marital partner:}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::1> Her husband is Abe Robinson.<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf5 Eye Color: }{\f3\fs22\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::1>Brown}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1  <!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf5 Hair Color: }{\f3\fs22\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::1>Black}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1  <!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf5 Height:}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::1> 5\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'925\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Ps::2>What's this character's role in the story?<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf6 Alicia was a highly respected OB/GYN. She had a no-nonsense approach to life and remained cool under pressure. Liz sought professional help due to her struggle to get pregnant. That\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92s how she met Alicia, a fertility expert. Unfortunately for Liz and Joe, none of their fertility treatments resulted in a pregnancy.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf6 Eventually, Liz and Joe decided to let nature determine their parental fate. Liz and Alicia\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92s relationship transitioned from doctor/patient into a good friendship. Alicia played an important role in Liz\u8217\'92s life. Liz was the matriarch in both her personal and professional worlds. While she cherished that role, she valued having someone to turn to when she needed help or advice. Alicia fulfilled that role for Liz.<!$Scr_Cs::1><!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf5 In narrative format, provide details about this character:}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::1> }
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::3>Alicia Robinson, in her mid-50s from Evanston, Illinois, drives a Mercedes sedan. This African-American OB/GYN stands at 5\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'925\u8221\'94 with brown eyes and black hair. She's known for her no-nonsense demeanor and calmness under pressure. Alicia became a significant figure in Liz's life through her fertility expertise when Liz struggled with pregnancy. Although Under her care Liz and Joe didn't conceive, Alicia's transition from Liz\u8217\'92s doctor to a close friend highlights her importance. As Liz's confidante, Alicia provides support and advice, balancing Liz\u8217\'92s role as a matriarch in both personal and professional realms.<!$Scr_Cs::1><!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0}