{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f5\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red130\green49\blue77;\red170\green64\blue101;\red76\green76\blue76;\red208\green78\blue124;\red186\green124\blue93;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f5\fs26\b0\i1\cf8\fi-1185\li1707\lin1707}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f5\fs26\b0\i1\cf8\fi-1580\li2276\lin2276}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\fi-1574420\li2268919\lin2268919}{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\fi-37404\li53903\lin53903}
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{circle\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9702\'3F;}{\levelnumbers;}\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\fi-37404\li107760\lin107760}{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\fi-28053\li40427\lin40427}
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{circle\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9702\'3F;}{\levelnumbers;}\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\fi-28053\li80820\lin80820}{\listname ;}\listid5}
{\list\listtemplateid6\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\fi-21040\li30320\lin30320}
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{circle\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9702\'3F;}{\levelnumbers;}\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\fi-21040\li60615\lin60615}{\listname ;}\listid6}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}{\listoverride\listid6\listoverridecount0\ls6}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs32\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_H::2>Scene:}{\f1\fs32\b1\i0\cf1  }{\f1\fs32\b1\i0 <$Scr_Cs::1>Crossroads of the Heart<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Cs::1><!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Ps::2>Summary:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf6 Sarah, avoiding the sight of Evan's distress, gazed out over Lake Michigan. She held the pendant Evan had lovingly made for her, a symbol of comfort she wore daily, echoing a child's reliance on a security blanket. As she gently rubbed it, she was engulfed in introspection, wrestling with doubts. She pondered whether divorcing Evan was the real mistake, or if her error was in forsaking her initial life plans for their marriage. Her silent reflections were steeped in the significance of this simple, yet deeply meaningful, pendant..<!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Ps::2>Leading Context:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf6 The previous scene focused on this meeting to finalize the divorce documents through Evan's perspective. This scene will focus on the events through Sarah's perspective.<!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Ps::2>Setting:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 - Location:}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::5> A conference room located in the offices of Sarah's divorce attorneys law firm. The conference room was located on the top floor of a high-rise building overlooking Lake Michigan.<!$Scr_Cs::5>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 - Time:}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::5> Morning<!$Scr_Cs::5>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 - Weather/Environment:}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::5> Overcast, storms ahead.<!$Scr_Cs::5><!$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Ps::2>Characters Present:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 - Main Characters:}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::5> Evan, Sarah, Liz<!$Scr_Cs::5>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 - Secondary Characters:}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::5> Evan's moderately priced divorce attorney and Sarah's high-priced senior attorney and a junior attorney.<!$Scr_Cs::5><!$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Ps::2>Character Emotional State:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 - Sarah:}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::5> Sarah was feeling guilt with a dose of regret. She wanted to be anywhere but here at this moment. She didn't want to face Evan and was praying for a quick end to the meeting.<!$Scr_Cs::5><!$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Ps::2>POV:}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::5> Third person limited, deep (focusing on Sarah)<!$Scr_Cs::5><!$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Ps::2>Dialogue Focus:}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::5> Minimal.<!$Scr_Cs::5><!$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Ps::2>Use of Internal Dialogue:}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::5> Moderate<!$Scr_Cs::5><!$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Ps::2>Plot/Action:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 Beginning:<!$Scr_Ps::4><$Scr_Ps::6>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li720\sa120\sb120\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b0\i1\cf8 [ Begin the scene with vivid imagery describing the troubled waters of Lake Michigan as the storm approaches the city. Connect that image with the happenings at the divorce meeting.}
\par\plain \f4\fs22\b0\i1\cf8
\par\plain {\f4\fs22\b0\i1\cf8 In this opening scene, note the following:<!$Scr_Ps::6><$Scr_Ps::7>}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li1080\fi14\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f5\fs26\b0\i1\cf8 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f5\fs26\b0\i1\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::8>Sarah is rubbing her pendant. Although Sarah has very expensive jewelry that she wears to special occasions, she can't stop herself from wearing the necklace and pendant that Evan had made for her for their first date. To her, this pendant, at times played the role of a worry stone. Other times, it comforted her like a child would use a blanket for a feeling security. Today, it was being used for both purposes. She worried that things would not go well and the divorce would be delayed. She needed comfort from the pain she was feeling from the end of a relationship with a man she still loved.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f5\fs26\b0\i1\cf8 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f5\fs26\b0\i1\cf8 Let's also use this introduction to describe Sarah's physical appearance. Normally Sarah would wear an expensive business skirt suit to this occasion. She be wearing her glasses and her hair placed in a tightly-held bun. However, she didn't want this to feel like a contract negotiation, even though in truth that's what it was. Instead she were her long wavy blonde hair down to her shoulder blades. She wore contact instead of glasses. Refer to the character profile for more information about her physical appearance. <!$Scr_Cs::8>}{\f4\fs22\b0\i1\cf8 ]<!$Scr_Ps::7><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f2\fs22\b1\i0\cf7
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 Middle:<!$Scr_Ps::4><$Scr_Ps::6>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li720\sa120\sb120\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b0\i1\cf8 [ Integrate the following key points into the scene in any order you prefer:<!$Scr_Ps::6><$Scr_Ps::7>}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li1080\fi14\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext	\f5\fs26\b0\i1\cf8 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f5\fs26\b0\i1\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::8>In many novels, Sarah would be perceived as the villain. For it is she that is breaking the heart of the loved protagonist. Throughout the book, most everyone other than Evan and Liz see Sarah as a villain. However, by the end of the final book in the series, the readers will understand Sarah more clearly. They will see beyond her stoic, seemingly unapproachable and frigid exterior.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f5\fs26\b0\i1\cf8 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f5\fs26\b0\i1\cf8 Sarah is feeling regret in this scene. However, even she is not sure what the regret is. On one hand, she regrets hurting a man that she cares about. On the other hand, she regrets following her heart instead of her head when he proposed. She wondered if it would have been better if she said no and stuck with her plan to get her master's degree and follow in her father's footsteps.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f5\fs26\b0\i1\cf8 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f5\fs26\b0\i1\cf8 It wasn't so much their years of marriage, but she considered the fact that if she had made the decision then, the hurt and pain that she is causing Evan now would never have happened. Ultimately, whatever way you look at it, her regret was causing Evan pain. She did not doubt the decision to divorce Evan. She just wished it didn't cause him so much pain. She thought to herself, \loch\af5\hich\af5\dbch\af5\uc1\u8220\'93If I had the opportunity to do it over, I would have rejected his proposal and saved him heartache."}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f5\fs26\b0\i1\cf8 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f5\fs26\b0\i1\cf8 Make note of the fact that Sarah consents Evan glaring at her. She is afraid to look at Evan for more than one reason. I want to let the readers know that normally Evan carries himself with a happy demeanor. He wakes up happy. He spends his day as a happy and friendly person. He goes to bed happy. Sarah notes in her mind that she has never even seen anger and Evan's eyes. The thought of seeing anger in his eyes for the first time scares her. That's why she left a note instead of confronting him directly when leaving him and heading back to Seattle.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f5\fs26\b0\i1\cf8 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f5\fs26\b0\i1\cf8 Although this is Sarah's point of view, this is a scene early in the book. Therefore, I do want to use this scene to provide a little information about Evan's character. The reader may initially think that Evan is a mean, bitter person based on his reaction to the divorce proceedings. But nothing could be further from the truth. We want to make sure in this scene, even his soon-to-be ex-wife acknowledges Evan as a great guy.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f5\fs26\b0\i1\cf8 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f5\fs26\b0\i1\cf8 Also make note that when Evan is feeling down or unable to project a positive attitude in public, he does not lash out ever. Instead, he retreats. Sometimes that's as simple as a trip to the gym or a nice log run two recharges spirits. For more significant drops in energy, Evan will retreat to a mountain cabin he and his own for a long weekend or week. Hiking the mountain trails sues Evan's soul. Whatever his retreat is, he takes as long as he needs until he is ready to return to his positive demeanor.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f5\fs26\b0\i1\cf8 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f5\fs26\b0\i1\cf8 Another reason Sarah does not want to look at Evan is that she fears seeing the pain in his eyes far more than she fears anger. She never wanted to hurt Evan. Just being in the same room with him is raising her guilt feeling from tolerable to intolerable. }
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f5\fs26\b0\i1\cf8 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f5\fs26\b0\i1\cf8 I would like to include a moment where Sarah, looked over at Liz as she reads the ownership transfer document. Briefly Liz looks up shining a comforting smile. The point of this moment is to show the readers that Liz is not upset with Sarah. While Evan was oblivious to the hidden trouble in his marriage, Liz was aware. And while Liz didn't want to see her brother hurt and didn't like the way Sarah handle things, if Liz were to be honest, she feels that Sarah made the right decision.]<!$Scr_Cs::8><!$Scr_Ps::7><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f2\fs22\b1\i0\cf7
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 End:<!$Scr_Ps::4><$Scr_Ps::6>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li720\sa120\sb120\ltrch\loch {\f5\fs26\b0\i1\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::8>[  The scene should end with a simple transition. Liz breaks the trance experienced by both Sarah and Evan by tapping Evan's arm to ask him to review the contract that transfers ownership from Sarah to Evan. This is the only line of dialogue that should be in the scene. Something like, \loch\af5\hich\af5\dbch\af5\uc1\u8220\'93Evan, everything looks alright to me, can you please double check. I want to make sure it meets your expectations and that I didn't overlook anything." ]<!$Scr_Cs::8><!$Scr_Ps::6>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf6
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Ps::2>Objectives/Goals:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::9>}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li576\fi-216\sa60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls3\ilvl0{\listtext	\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 Provide the reader a feeling for the the setting and briefly describe the characters in the scene as seen through Sarah's eyes.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 Mention the pendant which will act as a teaser for later in the book when the full story behind the pendant is revealed.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 Provide a brief physical description of Sarah, as well as providing some basic insight to her characters motivations. From a very young age, Sarah was trained to be a successful businesswoman. To remain stoic in all situations, both personal and professional. Only Evan seemed to have the power to crack that stoic exterior. To Sarah, this was like kryptonite. She saw Stoicism as strength and emotional response as weakness.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 As important is that upon ending reading this chapter, the reader will have enough to know about Sarah, but leaning enough unsaid that they will want to continue reading the find out more about Sarah and the divorce.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 Upon ending this chapter, it's even more important for the reader to understand that Evan is not a spiteful man, nor an angry man. He may have been a bit clueless or oblivious to the problems of the relationship, but he was not intentionally ignoring or discounting Sarah in any way. He thought she was as happy as he was. Some of that will be covered in a future scene, so we mostly just want to convey Evan's typical \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93nice guy" demeanor.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 The primary objective of this scene is for the reader to feel what Sarah is feeling.<!$Scr_Ps::9>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Ps::2>Props/Items:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf6 The inexpensive pendant with necklace that Evan had made for Sarah as a gift on their first date. I don't want to give away the story of the pendant just yet, but I'm okay if you mention that the pendant was inspired by an incident that occurred on their first meeting. You might say it was a commemorative piece. <!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Ps::2>Special Instructions/Notes:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::9>}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li576\fi-216\sa60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls4\ilvl0{\listtext	\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 Please write the entire scene based on the information in this template. }
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 Apply a balance of narrative versus dialogue. Implement description, action tags, dialogue tags, and internal dialogue at your discretion. Whatever you need to write a compelling scene.}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li576\fi-216\sa60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls5\ilvl0{\listtext	\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 Whenever possible, \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Show\u8221\'94 instead of \u8220\'93Tell.\u8221\'94 This means conveying emotions and situations through descriptive imagery and action rather than simply stating them.}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li576\fi-216\sa60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls6\ilvl0{\listtext	\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 Use Deep POV generously when creating this scene. Deep POV refers to a close third-person narration that allows direct access to a character\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92s thoughts and feelings without filtering words. It provides an immersive experience for the reader, making them feel as if they are inside the character\u8217\'92s mind.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 In an effort to engage the reader more profoundly and connect the reader with the characters, I like for physiological expressions and internal dialogue to be included in each scene. Please consider this when writing the scene.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 Do NOT use bullets when writing the scene.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 Do NOT use the word \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93palpable" when writing the scene.<!$Scr_Ps::9>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\plain \f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\plain \f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1}