{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red0\green108\blue175;\red251\green0\blue23;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0>Evan was not one to dwell on the past. Nor was he one to deep dive into his pain. Wanting to lighten the mood, he joked, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That got heavy fast. I think we can officially crown ourselves the world\u8217\'92s top offenders of first-date etiquette.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 Maggie laughed and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I will proudly wear that crown!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Time to switch gears. It\u8217\'92s time for a partnership compatibility test. Are you ready?\u8221\'94 asked Evan.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That sounds interesting. Go for it!\u8221\'94 replied Maggie.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s energy had picked back up, and he had returned to his normal upbeat self. Evan said, \u8220\'93This isn\u8217\'92t a dealbreaker, but I\u8217\'92d like to know where you stand. After leaving you and Laura at dinner, I went to the ticket booth to check out the options. It turns out they have these $15 wristbands that allow us to go on all the rides we want. I know carnival wristband dates are typically relegated for the high school crowd and not mature adults like ourselves. But I really want to go on all the rides! However, if you\u8217\'92d prefer to do something more adult, I\u8217\'92ll understand.\u8221\'94 Evan said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 Maggie and Evan both laughed. She could see he already knew what her answer would be. She said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Adult? Who wants to be an adult? I\u8217\'92d love a wristband date!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Great! We passed our first compatibility test. Now we have a second decision to make,\u8221\'94 said Evan.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A second decision? I hope it\u8217\'92s as easy as the first,\u8221\'94 replied Maggie.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Me too. If this date played out like dates do in a typical rom-com movie, the next five minutes of the film would show a musically-backed montage of us having a great time on all the rides, enjoying the festival food, smiling, and laughing the entire time.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That sounds fun! What\u8217\'92s to decide?\u8221\'94 asked Maggie.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, in the movies, the audience would be on the edge of their seat in anticipation of a first kiss. The excitement will build through the montage of scenes. The audience will ask themselves, \u8216\'91Will they, or won\u8217\'92t they?\u8217\'92 Then when the date ends, the audience is captivated as they watch the couple\u8217\'92s lips move closer to each other, certain they will kiss. Sometimes they do kiss, but most of the time, some annoying event disrupts the kiss \endash  leaving the audience in a state of intense anticipation, waiting, wondering when that first kiss will happen.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That option is full of excitement and suspense. The other choice is we kiss now. And with the first kiss out of the way, we are free to kiss as much as we want the entire night. Which option would you prefer? \u8221\'94asked Evan.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hmm, that\u8217\'92s a tough choice.\u8221\'94 Maggie used her hands to animate her response. \u8220\'93On the one hand, we could experience the suspense of the uncertainty of a good night kiss, which may or may not happen. On the other hand, we could deprive our adoring fans of that excitement and anticipation and kiss now. Thus, freeing us to kiss as much as we want the whole night. Did I summarize my options correctly?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Perfectly! What will it be?\u8221\'94 asked Evan.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, if I have to choose between a guaranteed kiss and a kiss that may or may not happen, I say screw the audience. I\u8217\'92ll take my kiss now!\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Maggie and Evan kissed. Maggie was not prepared for the intensity of Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s kiss. She could feel his emotion as he pressed his lips firmly against hers. She knew it wasn\u8217\'92t passion, at least not the type of passion that comes from desire. As they continued to kiss, the intensity dissipated, and the kisses became softer and gentler.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0>Evan pulled back from the kiss and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m so sorry. That had to be the worst first kiss ever.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Believe me, Evan, that was not the worst kiss ever. It}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\*\scrrevlvl1\cf5  }{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 was a little intense at first but}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\*\scrrevlvl1\cf5  }{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 ended quite nicely. I could feel both your pain and your relief in that kiss. I can tell you don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t like to share your feelings. That\u8217\'92s true, isn\u8217\'92t it?\u8221\'94 asked Maggie.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Not painful ones. You\u8217\'92re the first person I\u8217\'92ve shared my feelings with since the divorce. I haven\u8217\'92t even opened up to my sister. And you\u8217\'92re right. I did get relief.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Truthfully, I feel honored you would share that moment with me. Especially knowing it helped release some of your pain. I wouldn\u8217\'92t have wanted the kiss to go any other way.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The good news is now we can kiss as much as we want! You ready for some rides?\u8221\'94 asked Evan.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93More than ready,\u8221\'94 replied Maggie.<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 As they turned to walk toward the festival entrance, Maggie looked up at Evan with compassionate eyes and held her hand out for him to hold. This intimate gesture seemed to relieve Evan of the residual pain he was feeling and simultaneously removed any bits of doubt Maggie was the woman he was meant to meet tonight.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan finally found a woman he wanted to have a relationship with. He and Maggie were both happy as could be as they walked hand in hand to the fall festival.}}