{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 ComicSansMS-Italic;}{\f3\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Bold;}{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f5\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red0\green149\blue223;\red170\green85\blue0;\red170\green64\blue101;\red76\green76\blue76;\red208\green78\blue124;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\fi-209449413\li301840448\lin301840448}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \sa60\sb240\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs32\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_H::2>Scene Profile: }{\f3\fs28\b1\i0 <$Scr_Cs::1>Scene #14: Evan Gets Signs From the Universe<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Cs::1><!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sl120\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f4\fs32\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f5\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::2>Summary:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 Evan jumps into his SUV, venturing westward on a whimsical journey, trusting the Universe to lead him to his inaugural "Love, Annually" partner. The Universe seems generous today, offering Evan what he interprets as signs pointing towards the encounter with this special woman.<!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sl168\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f5\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::2>Leading Context:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 This scene occurs the morning after Evan revealed his plan to his friends and family at the poker game. At the end of last scene, a set of rules were established that Evan will have to follow in order to get the support of his sister. Evan is feeling great knowledge he has a new strategy for getting in a relationship that will and after one year. Evan woke up in a great mood feeling like the universe would lead him to the girl that he was going to meet.<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sl168\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f5\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 Setting:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f5\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 - Location:}{\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::5> Evan starts off from his home. Hops in his SUV and heads west from Chicago and ultimately end up in Naperville Illinois.<!$Scr_Cs::5>}
\par\plain {\f5\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 - Time:}{\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::5> Early evening.<!$Scr_Cs::5>}
\par\plain {\f5\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 - Weather/Environment:}{\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::5> Perfect weather, sunny and comfortable.<!$Scr_Cs::5><!$Scr_Ps::4><$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sl168\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f5\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 Characters Present:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f5\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 - Main Characters:}{\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::5> Evan<!$Scr_Cs::5><!$Scr_Ps::4><$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sl168\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f5\fs22\b1\i0\cf8
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f5\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 Character Emotional State:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f5\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 - Evan:}{\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::5> Evan is extremely excited. He feel certain that he's going to meet a girl today that he can explore his unique relationship strategy with. Once he gets far enough outside the city to satisfy his requirement to be at least 45 minutes away, he consciously begins to look for signs from the Universe to guide him to the woman he was to meet. He doesn't know why he has his confidence, but he does.<!$Scr_Cs::5><!$Scr_Ps::4><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sl168\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f5\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 <!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f5\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 POV:}{\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::5> Third person limited, deep (focusing on Evan)<!$Scr_Cs::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sl168\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf7
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f5\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 Showing Emphasis:}{\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::5> }{\f4\fs22\b0\i0 Option A: Mostly External Cues: Evan's driving changes (faster, slower), what he sees that sparks interpretations as signs. Note, that normally I would choose option B, more internalized. But this scene is unique in that Evan is literally looking outside himself, into his environment seeking signs from the Universe. As far as his driving, a few scenes earlier, Evan was driving unusually fast, excited to share his \loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8220\'93Love, Annually\u8221\'94 plan with his friends. In this scene, it's the opposite. He\u8217\'92s grooving to the music, feeling fine, chilled and relaxed due to his confidence that the universe has his back. Although I chose external cues, I would like the reader to feel what Evan is feeling, that endorphin laced vibration.<!$Scr_Cs::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sl168\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf7
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f5\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 Dialogue Focus:}{\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::5> There is no spoken dialogue in the scene.<!$Scr_Cs::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sl168\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f5\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 Use of Internal Dialogue:}{\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::5> Moderate<!$Scr_Cs::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sl168\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f5\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 Objectives/Goals:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::6>}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li576\fi-216\sa60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 We want the reader to get a feel how excited Evan is and how unexplainable he certainly is the Universe is going to guide him to the woman he will date.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 For reasons that will be revealed later, it's important that the scene include references to "the Universe" as Evan believes strongly that there are times when the Universe lends a helping hand. In this scene, Evan believes the Universe is going to guide him to the girl he is meant to meet.<!$Scr_Ps::6><$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sl168\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f5\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 Notes:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 This document is the Scene Profile and is meant to be used as a reference. Do not write the scene at this time.<!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f5\fs22\b1\i0\cf6}