{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Bold;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red0\green149\blue223;\red170\green64\blue101;\red76\green76\blue76;\red208\green78\blue124;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\fi0\li0\lin0}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \sa60\sb240\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs32\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_H::2>Scene Profile: }{\f2\fs28\b1\i0 <$Scr_Cs::1>Scene #29: Maggie Sleeps With Evan<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Cs::1><!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sl120\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f2\fs28\b1\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Ps::2>Summary:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf6 Maggie makes her way to Evan\loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8217\'92s room. There, they consummate their relationship, marking the beginning of Evan\u8217\'92s year-long relationship plan.<!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sl168\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Ps::3>Leading Context:}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf6 In the previous scenes, the reader senses that Maggie and Evan will end up sleeping together this evening. This scene confirms that is true. The scene begins with Evan already laying in his bed, and deep thought, when Maggie's pantless silhouette appears in his doorway.<!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sl120\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf6
\par\plain \f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf5
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Ps::2>Setting:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 - Location:}{\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::5> Evan's Bedroom.<!$Scr_Cs::5>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 - Time:}{\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::5> Shortly After midnight<!$Scr_Cs::5>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 - Weather/Environment:}{\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::5> N/A<!$Scr_Cs::5><!$Scr_Ps::4><$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sl168\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 Characters Present:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 - Main Characters:}{\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::5> Evan, Maggie.<!$Scr_Cs::5><!$Scr_Ps::4><$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sl168\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf7
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 Character Emotional State:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::5>- }{\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 Evan}{\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 :}{\f4\fs22\b0\i0  Evan lies in bed, freshly showered, hoping the water would clear his mind, yet his thoughts remain tumultuous. Maggie's appearance at his doorway stirs mixed emotions within him. He deeply desires intimacy with her, yet he grapples with its implications. This step signifies not only a commitment to their year-long relationship but also a farewell to Sarah in his heart. It's been over a year and a half since he's been sexually intimate with anyone, and Sarah was the only woman he's been made love to since his junior year in college. Deciding it's time to release the past and move forward, Evan sees being with Maggie not as an act of passion but a therapeutic embrace of the future.<!$Scr_Cs::5><!$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sl168\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf7
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::5><$Scr_Ps::4>- }{\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 Maggie}{\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 : }{\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 Maggie, on the other hand, embodies the blend of excitement and nervousness typical of first-time intimacy in a new relationship. Though she attempts to mask her apprehension, it's plainly visible. <!$Scr_Cs::5><!$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sl168\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf7
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Ps::2>POV:}{\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::5> Third person limited, deep (focusing on Evan)<!$Scr_Cs::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sl168\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf6
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 Dialogue Focus:}{\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::5> Heavy<!$Scr_Cs::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sl168\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 Use of Internal Dialogue:}{\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::5> Minimal<!$Scr_Cs::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sl168\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 Objectives/Goals:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::6>}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li576\fi-216\sa60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 Together, Maggie and Evan discover a mutual understanding, advancing not in a rush of passion but in a shared unspoken acknowledgment of their simultaneous eagerness and hesitation\hich\f4 \emdash \loch\f4 each for their own reasons.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 The reader finally sees Evan's conscious decision to let go of Sarah and move on.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 The reader also see that Evan, after a final weighing of circumstances, decides to move forward with his plan. As per the  \loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8220\'93Love, Annually\u8221\'94 rules, their act of intimacy automatically kicks in their year together. However, Evan would've made this decision, regardless.<!$Scr_Ps::6>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sl120\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf1  }
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Ps::2>Notes:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf6 This document is the Scene Profile and is meant to be used as a reference. Do not write the scene at this time.}
\par\plain {\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf6 <!$Scr_Ps::3>}}