{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs30\cf1 I'm disappointed. We spent many hours working together. You seem to have had a clear grasp of what I was needing for collaboration. Your feedback was excellent. We specifically talked about previous problems I've had with AI crafting scenes that ignored my specific instructions - primarily, but not limited to, refusing to use my dialogue verbatim. And when we go to write our first full scene together, it's as if those hours of collaboration disappeared. I don't understand how AI works, but in human terms, it would be as if someone completely different took over the process and all the valuable collaboration with the initial collaborator was lost.}
\par\plain \f0\fs30\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs30\cf1 In our collaboration, we went over the scene, and I showed you what a successful collaboration result would be. You gave me some well-written samples. But then the first time we try to write the scene together, you don't follow the rules. Your scene is short, and does not in any way reflect what I was looking for. I provided you with lots of detailed dialogue. Not only did you not use my dialogue verbatim, but you eliminated much of the dialogue from the scene.}
\par\plain \f0\fs30\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs30\cf1 I'm hoping you can help me understand why the collaboration, that was going so well, took such a harsh turn in the wrong direction?}
\par\plain \f0\fs30\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs30\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs30\cf1 That process isn't going to work for me. I have 300+  scenes to write and waiting 24 hours for a draft is just too long.}
\par\plain \f0\fs30\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs30\cf1 After spending many hours together over last couple days, we had one area of success, and I think we should stick with that. When I provided you the scene profile, and then worked on small parts of the scene, instead of the scene as a whole, your work was excellent and immediate. While it would be nice to be able to send you an entire scene to work on, there are some benefits to working with a few paragraphs at a time to complete a full scene. That's the only route that I think will work.}
\par\plain \f0\fs30\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs30\cf1 So after a break, I think we should move on to the next scene since the I already have scene #14 drafted. Scene #15 will be a great chance for us to start experimenting with this concept of working chronologically, focusing on smaller parts of the scenes, until we have a completed scene. Based on my experience with our collaboration, and past collaborations with AI. This seems like the only chance that we can find common ground efficiently. }
\par\plain \f0\fs30\cf1}