{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 ArialMT;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red31\green31\blue31;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \sa240\sb240\sl420\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Maggie exited Union Station into the early evening bustle. The Willis Tower gleamed overhead, marking the direction of Evan\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s office. Should she splurge on a cab? \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve got time,\u8221\'94 she reasoned, glancing at her watch. Tapping the address into her GPS, she scoffed at the estimated walking time. Ten blocks was nothing. Laura\u8217\'92s designer heels, however... She grimaced, then squared her shoulders. \u8220\'93Who needs a taxi?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 The initial steps were manageable, but with each block, the shoes\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92 sleek beauty transformed into exquisite torture. Chicago\u8217\'92s sidewalks, cracked and uneven, became an obstacle course. She ducked into a doorway, a brief respite to massage throbbing arches. Another glance at her phone. She should text Evan\u8230\'85 \u8220\'93On my way! Just a few more blocks...\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Halfway there, an \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93L\u8221\'94 train thundered overhead, drowning out the traffic. The city felt overwhelming, its towering facades closing in. With each step, a dull ache pulsed in her feet, a premonition of the soreness that would surely follow.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 She could see Evan\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s office building in the distance, a welcome sight promising an end to her ordeal. With every strained step, it loomed closer, a finish line after an unexpected marathon. A gust of wind lifted a strand of hair from her carefully styled updo, and she shivered slightly. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 As she entered the building\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s sleek lobby, Maggie silently regretted not taking a taxi. If she had a chance to do it again, she\u8217\'92d take a taxi, no matter the cost.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Before heading toward the elevators, Maggie slipped into the lobby restroom. The cool marble and muted lighting offered a stark contrast to the bustle outside. Automatically, she began her routine: a touch of lipstick, a smoothing of her dress, a final adjustment of her wind-blown hair. As she spritzed a touch of perfume, a flicker of nervousness danced in her stomach. Meeting Evan\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s sister, especially this early, was unexpected. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93This play has been sold out for months,\u8221\'94 she thought, glancing at her reflection. \u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t even want to think about how much Evan paid for the tickets.\u8221\'94 A self-reprimanding voice echoed in her mind, \u8220\'93Remember, you promised Evan you wouldn\u8217\'92t worry about how much things cost.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Taking a deep breath, she tucked the familiar worry away. One last glance in the mirror, another fortifying breath, and Laura\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s words echoed in her mind, \u8220\'93Relax, just enjoy yourself tonight.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs22\b0\i0}