{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Trish Barnes was The Vaughn Group\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s first hire. She was a whirlwind of efficiency wrapped in a dark-haired, 34-year-old package and the heart and soul of the organization. She held the unique distinction of being both receptionist and office manager, a testament to both her love for greeting people and her uncanny organizational skills. Despite repeated attempts by Liz and Evan to relieve her of her receptionist duties as part of her promotion, Trish stubbornly clung to her position, earning the self-proclaimed \u8220\'93highest-paid receptionist in Chicago\u8221\'94 title with a knowing smile. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 It was past five on a Friday, long past her usual time to dash home to her family, but tonight was different. Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s mystery date, Maggie, was arriving any minute, and Trish had to get a glimpse. She\u8217\'92d never liked Sarah, and her protective instincts were on high alert when it came to Evan.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 As Maggie stepped into the Vaughn Group\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s office suite, she found herself genuinely impressed. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m here to see Evan Vaughn,\u8221\'94 she told Trish, a hint of breathlessness in her voice, though Maggie couldn\u8217\'92t tell if it was nerves or exertion.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Just a moment, please. Evan\u8217\'92s finishing something up, but he wanted you to meet his sister first,\u8221\'94 Trish replied, a note of warmth entering her tone. She caught Maggie\u8217\'92s slight wince. \u8220\'93Oof, those look fierce. Are you alright?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Fantastic,\u8221\'94 Maggie replied with an ironic twist of her lips. \u8220\'93If by \u8216\'91fantastic\u8217\'92 you mean my feet are ready to revolt.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Trish laughed, and something inside Maggie unclenched just a bit. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Honey, if you want to lose those, no one here is judging. It\u8217\'92s Friday, and even Evan knows how to relax.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Gratefulness mixed with relief as Maggie slid off the offending heels. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Thank you!\u8221\'94 Following Trish to Liz\u8217\'92s office felt less like an interview. These women seemed\u8230\'85kind, somehow. Trish made the introductions, and another wave of relief washed over Maggie at the genuine welcome in Liz\u8217\'92s eyes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sorry about the shoes,\u8221\'94 she blurted, shaking Liz\u8217\'92s hand. \u8220\'93Brand new, and not such a good idea apparently. Plus, I walked from the train.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Liz\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes widened. \u8220\'93You poor thing! We would have picked you up!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No worries!\u8221\'94 Maggie replied, forcing a cheerful note into her voice. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m so glad to finally meet you, Liz. Evan\u8217\'92s told me wonderful things.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I have heard great things about you, too,\u8221\'94 Liz returned, a warmth in her smile that Maggie found contagious. Liz winked at Trish. \u8220\'93I believe Evan\u8217\'92s got a surprise waiting for you in the conference room. You two have a great night!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Maggie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes widened with a spark of excitement and intrigue. \u8220\'93Surprise!?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <!$Scr_Ps::0>}}