{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red163\green101\blue209;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan stayed the night, a testament to Maggie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s unspoken plea for comfort. Yet as the first rays of dawn seeped through the blinds, sleep evaded him. The initial jolt of panic had dulled, a sliver of hope weaving through the lingering worry. Maybe he\u8217\'92d overreacted, misinterpreting her exhaustion for something more? But even with that thought, a nagging unease remained, a whisper in his mind demanding a clearer understanding of her motivations. Answers, that\u8217\'92s what he needed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Breakfast had been a quiet affair, more ritual than sustenance. Maggie bustled about, preparing for school, a determined smile masking her fatigue. Laura emerged from her room, yawning, and poured herself a bowl of cereal. This was his chance. Using a need for milk as an excuse, Evan drifted closer to Laura, his pulse quickening as he leaned in.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Glancing over his shoulder, Evan made sure Maggie was still focused on her packing before reaching for the milk. Then, using the carton as a prop, he leaned closer to Laura. His whisper was barely audible, words hidden amongst the ordinary sounds of morning.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 A hint of surprise flashed in Laura\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes. She cast a quick look towards Maggie, then turned back to Evan. In a barely perceptible gesture, a nod so subtle it could have been missed, she assented. An unspoken understanding passed between them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Maggie, oblivious to half of the conversation, caught their brief exchange. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What are you two whispering about?\u8221\'94 she asked, a hint of playfulness masking her unease. \u8220\'93Do I need to be worried?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 A flash of guilt crossed Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face, quickly replaced by a disarming smile. Laura, ever the quick thinker, intervened, \u8220\'93Just discussing your Christmas present. Top-secret stuff.\u8221\'94 Her attempt at a playful tone fell slightly flat, a hint of nervous laughter lacing her words.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Though Laura\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s explanation seemed reasonable, the flash of concern on Evan\u8217\'92s face and Laura\u8217\'92s nervous giggle left a subtle question mark in Maggie\u8217\'92s mind. She knew better than to doubt their friendship\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Evan and Laura had clicked from the start\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 yet the playful way they teased each other sometimes planted a seed of uncertainty. Maggie laughed lightly at her own fleeting thought, but she had wondered more than once when the three were out in public if a stranger would peg her or Laura as Evan\u8217\'92s girlfriend.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 As Evan rinsed his milk glass, a surge of anticipation zipped through him. He met Maggie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes \endash  \u8220\'93You all set?\u8221\'94 \endash  and as she turned to gather her things, shot Laura a covert glance. It was the wordless confirmation, the go-ahead signal for the next step of their plan.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan walked Maggie to her car, kissed her briefly, then went to his. Trying to avoid raising suspicion, he pulled out of his parking spot at the same time as Maggie. They drove in opposite directions \endash  Maggie south towards school, Evan north towards the highway.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Once he believed he was safely out of sight, Evan swung into a convenience store parking lot. After ensuring no one had followed, he got back on the road and headed back to Maggie and Laura\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s apartment. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan knocked on the door, and Laura answered quickly, a dash of worry crossing her face.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Maggie\u8217\'92s going to be furious if she finds out,\u8221\'94 she said quietly. \u8220\'93Promise me this will never get back to her.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I promise,\u8221\'94 Evan said sincerely. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Okay, hurry. Get in here before someone sees you.\u8221\'94 Laura stepped back to let him enter. Once inside, his eyes immediately went to the window. After a brief assessment, he relaxed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The coast is clear,\u8221\'94 he reported. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Laura and Evan sat at the kitchen table, tension filled in the air.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I assume you know why I wanted to talk?\u8221\'94 Evan asked, his voice low.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Laura toyed with the edge of a napkin, meeting his gaze briefly. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I have my suspicions. But go ahead, fill me in.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s going on with Maggie?\u8221\'94 Evan\u8217\'92s tone was gentle, yet insistent. \u8220\'93I know there\u8217\'92s more to this than she\u8217\'92s letting on. Why is she quitting school?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Laura hesitated. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Maggie swore me to secrecy. She doesn\u8217\'92t want you to know.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Know what?\u8221\'94 He pressed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Laura sighed. She hated to break her promise, but maybe Evan could help. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s... money,\u8221\'94 she admitted reluctantly. \u8220\'93Turns out there are limits to student loans, and with her hours getting cut... she can\u8217\'92t afford tuition, let alone her share of living expenses.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan let out a breath, half sigh, half a disbelieving chuckle. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Thank God,\u8221\'94 he murmured. He thought, }{\f1\fs26\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>Whew, she\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s not leaving to be with me after all. That\u8217\'92s a relief. <!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Catching Laura\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s startled expression, he quickly regained his composure, focusing on the matter at hand. \u8220\'93I figured it was something like that,\u8221\'94 he said with newfound seriousness. \u8220\'93She\u8217\'92s so close to finishing, she can\u8217\'92t quit now!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s what I said!\u8221\'94 Laura exclaimed, a touch of desperation in her voice. \u8220\'93But with no loan, there\u8217\'92s no way...\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How much would it take?\u8221\'94 Evan interrupted, a thoughtful glint in his eyes. \u8220\'93To finish school, to cover her bills... how much does she need?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Laura blinked. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s a lot. Maybe fifteen thousand total?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan nodded slowly. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And there\u8217\'92s no way she\u8217\'92d let me give her the money? Help her out?\u8221\'94 He knew the answer even as he asked, but had to be sure.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Laura shook her head emphatically. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Absolutely not. That\u8217\'92s why she was so adamant about keeping this from you. She still feels guilty about the car \endash  and she still thinks that only cost five hundred, remember? Fifteen thousand... it\u8217\'92s way too much, Evan. She\u8217\'92d never accept it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes narrowed in determination. \u8220\'93The money\u8217\'92s no problem. We just need a way to get it to her without bruising that pride of hers. We can\u8217\'92t let her quit school! Do you have any thoughts?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Laura stared blankly back at him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Silence stretched between them, broken only by the ticking of the kitchen clock. Minutes passed as they racked their brains, searching for a solution. Then, an excited gleam sparked in Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I think I\u8217\'92ve got it!\u8221\'94 he exclaimed, a surge of energy replacing his earlier worry.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Laura\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s own expression brightened. \u8220\'93Spill it! What have you come up with?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan hesitated, a playful grin spreading across his face. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Not yet. It\u8217\'92s still half-baked, and I don\u8217\'92t want to get your hopes up unnecessarily. But I need some expert advice. When\u8217\'92s her tuition due?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93First week of January,\u8221\'94 Laura replied.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Perfect! That gives me time to work.\u8221\'94 Evan bounced to his feet, a sense of urgency radiating from him. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92d better get started!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Wait, you can\u8217\'92t leave!\u8221\'94 Laura protested, her curiosity piqued. \u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s your idea?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan headed for the door, a mischievous sparkle in his eye. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ll find out soon enough! I promise.\u8221\'94 He paused, then added, \u8220\'93Besides, the best surprises are worth waiting for.\u8221\'94 With a wink, he was out the door, leaving Laura consumed by a tantalizing mixture of hope and anticipation.}}