{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Bold;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}{\f3\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f4\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f5\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red139\green93\blue0;\red0\green108\blue175;\red186\green124\blue93;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Maggie's mind was a whirlwind \endash  gratitude battling pride, temptation warring with her deeply ingrained sense of independence.  The weight of the decision pressed down on her, each option seemingly laced with both promise and its own unique kind of burden. Should she accept this generous, life-altering gift, an act of love from the people who cared for her most?  Or should she hold fast to her fiercely independent spirit, determined to achieve her goals solely through her own grit and determination?  The room spun around her; a compromise seemed impossible...almost.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>Maggie<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5  }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2>(Resigned, but with a hint of gratitude in her voice): <!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93All right, I\u8217\'92ll accept the scholarship,\u8221\'94 said Maggie.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Laura squealed and jumped up and down before joining in on a three-way hug that lasted for several minutes. After the joys hug subsided, Maggie switch gears and stated her stipulation strongly.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>Maggie<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0  }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2>(Serious, insistent tone): <!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I cannot accept such a large gift from you. So, we\u8217\'92re going to call this a loan. When I graduate and start earning a decent salary, I will start paying the loan back for as long as it takes me, with interest. Don\u8217\'92t even think about fighting me on this.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5  }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2>(On intimidated, fully prepared for this response and ready with an alternative): <!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs26\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If you want to pay me back, you can. But may I make another suggestion? Why don\u8217\'92t you pay it forward?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>Maggie<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5  }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2>(She had heard the term before, but was intrigued on how Evan was going to use this as an alternative to a loan.):<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs26\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Pay it forward?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5  }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2>(Explaining in a neutral tone, not trying to sell the idea, but let its organic energy tap into Maggie's caring nature): <!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs26\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes. I don\u8217\'92t need the money, and I\u8217\'92d rather see it go to someone who does. Instead of paying me back, why don\u8217\'92t you start your own culinary scholarship? The scholarship can be any amount of money. You can do $500 or $1000 a year for as long as you want. If you do an annual scholarship of $1000, 15 others will benefit.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>Laura<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5  }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2>(Laura, on the other hand was anything but neutral. She knew Maggie well and knew that this was a perfect solution for Maggie.): <!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs26\b0 As usual, Laura and Evan were on the same page. Laura said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I love that idea! Why pay back someone who doesn\u8217\'92t need or want the money? Think about how much $500 or $1000 would mean to a struggling culinary student.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>Maggie<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5  }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2>(That suggestion lifted Maggie\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s spirits and succeeded in changing the way she viewed Evan\u8217\'92s gift.): <!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs26\b0  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That would feel like a fortune to most students. I really like that idea. I feel so much better about this now. Thank you so much! I love you two!\u8220\'93}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Laura and Evan reciprocated Maggie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s words of love and joined in another long-lasting group hug.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf4 <!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b0\i1\cf6 [ }{\f5\fs22\b1\i1\cf6 Humorous Revelation:}{\f4\fs22\b0\i1\cf6  As the chapter draws to a close on a wave of lightheartedness, an earlier deception surfaces, sparking a moment of comic realization for Maggie. Recollecting Evan's past scheme where he significantly downplayed the cost of repairing her car, suggesting it was merely $500, Maggie, amidst their celebratory embrace, has an epiphany. With a newfound skepticism tinged with humor, she confronts Evan (and Laura) about the actual cost of her car's repairs, leading to a playful and amusing exchange that elevates the chapter's ending to a delightful high. ]}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>Maggie<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5  }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2>( A spark of realization about the reality of the car repair cost triggered Maggie to pull back from the hug and ask ): <!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs26\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why do I suddenly have a feeling my car repairs cost a lot more than $500?\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 With twin-like synchronicity, Evan and Laura zipped their lips, smiled, and looked away.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2>[ This short scene ends here ]<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <!$Scr_Ps::0>}}