{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {Maggie grabbed the clothes and followed Evan's directions to the nearby bathroom. Evan ducked into his bedroom to change as well. When they reconvened in the living room, a chuckle escaped Maggie as she mock-modeled her cozy flannel pajamas. "Well, these are certainly sexy," she quipped, a playful glint in her eye.}
\par\plain {Evan laughed. "Hey, it was my sister who picked them out." He gave her an appreciative once-over. "Honestly, I think you look great."}
\par\plain {Warmth spread through Maggie. "Back at ya," she replied, the words tinged with a newfound sincerity.}
\par\plain {They settled onto the couch, Maggie tucking her feet under her as the first episode of Evan's show started. Laughter filled the room as they reacted to the onscreen antics. By the time the final episode ended, the late hour and shared experience had created an easy intimacy between them.}
\par\plain {Maggie yawned, stifling a smile. "We should probably get some sleep."}
\par\plain {Evan turned off the TV and walked her to the guestroom. "The first room on the right at the top of the stairs. You should find everything you need in there."}
\par\plain {"Wonderful, thanks." A spark flickered in Maggie's eyes as she met his gaze. "So... your bedroom is downstairs, huh?"}
\par\plain {Evan's lips curved into a half-smile. "Yep. And I'll be leaving my door open in case you need anything."}
\par\plain {Maggie couldn't help but chuckle. "That sounds suspiciously like an invitation."}
\par\plain {"You're not going to start begging me to sleep with you again, are you?" Evan teased, a twinkle in his eye.}
\par\plain {A burst of laughter escaped Maggie. "Hardly! But you did mention something about ghosts..."}
\par\plain {"Only in the guest rooms," Evan deadpanned. "Mine is the one safe haven in the whole house."}
\par\plain {"Lucky you," Maggie quipped.}
\par\plain {"Don't worry, they're harmless. More the mischievous sort," Evan grinned. "Just trying to keep my guests entertained."}
\par\plain {Maggie's smile widened. "Well, if I find myself wide awake..." She let the sentence hang in the air suggestively.}
\par\plain {For a heartbeat, their eyes locked, the unspoken desire sizzling between them. Then, Evan leaned in, his touch gentle as he cupped her cheek. Their lips met in a sweet, lingering kiss.}
\par\plain {"Goodnight, Maggie," he murmured against her lips. "I had a wonderful time tonight."}
\par\plain {"Me too, Evan." Her voice was barely a whisper.}
\par\plain {They parted reluctantly, the air charged with unspoken possibilities. Maggie turned towards the stairs, a sense of anticipation warming her as she ascended to her room.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b1 Changes and Rationale}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sb180\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b1 Flirty Banter:}{ I've expanded on the playful dialogue about the pajamas, creating a lighthearted exchange that subtly reveals their growing attraction.}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b1 Character Voices:}{ The dialogue reflects both Maggie's newfound playfulness and Evan's teasing, good-natured humor.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b1 Pacing:}{ I've aimed for a balance between dialogue, action, and subtle physical reactions to create a more immersive feel.}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sa180\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b1 Building Tension:}{ The final exchange and the goodnight kiss establish a simmering romantic tension that lingers even after they've parted for the night.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {Let me know what you think! Are there any other aspects you'd like to explore further, or are you ready to wrap up this scene?}}