{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red186\green124\blue93;\red0\green108\blue175;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Maggie and Evan were standing, holding hands on a quiet side street. Maggie had texted Laura, and they were waiting for Laura to drive Maggie home. Their 3-hour fun-filled festival date would have done any romantic movie justice. They both had a great time.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Ps::0>Maggie said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I can\u8217\'92t remember the last time I had this much fun. I\u8217\'92m so glad we decided to get the first kiss out of the way. I have never kissed anybody so much on a first date, or any date, for that matter. For the record, you are a great kisser!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 Evan replied, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Back at ya!\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Maggie and Evan kissed for several minutes more.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Ps::0>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Thanks! I wanted to squeeze one last kiss in before Laura arrives. If she sees us kiss good night, she won\u8217\'92t leave me alone until I give her all the details. Tonight has been such a wonderful night. I want to embrace this incredible feeling for a while before telling her how well our date went. It\u8217\'92s probably a good idea if we don\u8217\'92t hold hands either.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Gotcha. I\u8217\'92ll keep a straight face, so she won\u8217\'92t know how happy I am,\u8220\'93 Evan laughed. Then he asked, \u8220\'93We\u8217\'92re still on for Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday afternoon dates and cooking lessons?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Absolutely! I can\u8217\'92t wait. Here she comes,\u8221\'94 said Maggie.<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Laura pulled up near the sidewalk and waved to both Maggie and Evan through her window. }
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Ps::0>Maggie opened the passenger door. She was halfway into her seat when she said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Screw it!\u8221\'94 She ran back to Evan and gave him the most passionate kiss of the night.<!$Scr_Ps::0>}}