{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f5\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}{\f6\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Bold;}{\f7\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 MS Sans Serif;}{\f8\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red130\green49\blue77;\red170\green64\blue101;\red76\green76\blue76;\red186\green124\blue93;\red139\green93\blue0;\red0\green135\blue216;\red0\green108\blue175;\red72\green33\blue219;\red163\green101\blue209;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs32\b1\i0\cf4 Scene Enhancement Template:}
\par\plain \f2\fs22\b1\i0\cf5
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 Task: }{\f3\fs22\b0\i0 Craft a compelling segment for the scene titled \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8216\'91Evan Reveals Love, Annually Plan\u8217\'92, guided by the scene profile previously shared. Utilize the details below to enrich the scene\u8217\'92s narrative.}
\par\pard\plain \li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch \f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf6
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 Scene Number: }{\f3\fs22\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::0>11<!$Scr_Cs::0>}
\par\pard\plain \li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch \f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf6
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 Scene Title: }{\f3\fs22\b0\i0 Evan Reveals Love, Annually Plan}
\par\pard\plain \li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch \f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf6
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 Scene Part #: }{\f3\fs22\b0\i0 Part 1 of 1}
\par\pard\plain \li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch \f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf6
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 Scope Components:}
\par\pard\plain \sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b0\i1\cf7 [ Note: Include every line of dialogue given, unchanged, to keep the characters\loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8217\'92 voices authentic. Ensure no lines of dialogue are omitted to maintain narrative continuity. ]}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::2><$Scr_Ps::1>While the rest of the poker party took their seats, Evan remained standing. His heart was beating with excitement and anticipation of the plan he was about to reveal to his friends and family. <!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b1\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::3>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f3\fs22\cf6  }{\f5\fs26\b0\i1\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::4>(with a playful tone):<!$Scr_Cs::4>}{\f3\fs22\cf6  }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::5>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Before Guido\u8217\'92s wallet gets lighter tonight, after yet another uninspiring date last night, I had an epiphany! This led to a breakthrough idea I can\u8217\'92t wait to share with all you!\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::5><!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f5\fs26\b0\i1\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::4>[ Always an easy target, everyone chuckled at Evan\loch\af5\hich\af5\dbch\af5\uc1\u8217\'92s playful jab at Guido. ]<!$Scr_Cs::4>}
\par\plain {\f6\fs30\b1\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::3>Guido<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f5\fs26\b0\i1\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::4> (playfully jabbing back):<!$Scr_Cs::4>}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::5>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Brace yourselves, my friends. Tonight, your wallets will get a whole lot lighter, courtesy of yours truly.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::2><$Scr_Ps::1>Everybody seemed to enjoy this jovial bit of banter. Evan waited for the chuckles to subside and his guests returned their attention to him. With the exception of Joe, who seemed anxious to get the game going, everyone else seemed quite curious at this unexpected delay in the game and what Evan wanted to share.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Through experience, Evan learned that it is always best to engage your audience when presenting a new idea. Not wanting this to feel like an opening monologue or a lecture, he decided to start with a question.<!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f6\fs30\b1\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::3>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs30\cf1 : }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::5>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What is the biggest downside couples experience in a committed relationship?\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::5>}
\par\plain {\f6\fs30\b1\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::3>Guido<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f5\fs26\b0\i1\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::4> (always the class clown, chucked thinking himself funny):<!$Scr_Cs::4>}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::5>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They end up hating each other.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::5>}
\par\plain {\f6\fs26\b1\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::3>Alicia<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf8  }{\f5\fs26\b0\i1\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::4>(glared at Guido, expressing her typical disdain for Guido\loch\af5\hich\af5\dbch\af5\uc1\u8217\'92s comments):<!$Scr_Cs::4>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::5> \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What would you know? Your idea of a long-term relationship is a three-day weekend.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::2><$Scr_Ps::1>Although Alicia, wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t trying to be humorous, her response sparked laughter from the crowd. Normally, Guido would reply with a quick-witted retort, but he had to give credit where credit was due.<!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f6\fs26\b1\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::3>Guido<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf8  }{\f5\fs26\b0\i1\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::4>(laughing along with everyone else):<!$Scr_Cs::4>}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::5>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I gotta hand it to you, Alicia, that was a good one!\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::5>}
\par\plain {\f6\fs26\b1\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::3>Alicia<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf9  }{\f5\fs26\b0\i1\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::4>(uninterested and unflattered by Guido\loch\af5\hich\af5\dbch\af5\uc1\u8217\'92s complement, She returned her attention back to Evan):<!$Scr_Cs::4>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf9  }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::5>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Never mind him, Evan. Go ahead and tell us about your idea.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::5>}
\par\plain {\f6\fs26\b1\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::3>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf9 : }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::5>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93While I wouldn\u8217\'92t use the words \u8216\'91hating each other\u8217\'92, Guido\u8217\'92s not that far off.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::2><$Scr_Ps::1>Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s words brought a sly grin to Guido\u8217\'92s face, little response from a disinterested Joe, a look curiousness from Abe, and a bit of shock and surprise to the faces of Liz and Alicia.<!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f6\fs30\b1\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::3>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f1\fs26\b1\cf8  }{\f5\fs26\b0\i1\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::4>(expounding on his point): <!$Scr_Cs::4>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::5>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It is well known that the divorce rate in this country is over 50%. Think about it. In this room, only Joe\u8217\'92s parents are still together. Liz and my parents divorce when we were young. Guido and Alicia were raised by single moms, and Abe\u8217\'92s parents divorced later in life.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::2><$Scr_Ps::1>Evan paused in a moment of silence as everyone in the room looked around at each other, some struggled with this truth, their shoulders shrugged as they realized Evan was correct. Unable to dispute Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s comment, their attention returned Evan without anyone saying anything.<!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f6\fs30\b1\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::3>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f1\fs26\b1\cf8  }{\f5\fs26\b0\i1\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::4>(continued):<!$Scr_Cs::4>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::5> \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I would estimate that 90% of all committed relationships end in a breakup or divorce.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::5>}
\par\plain {\f6\fs30\b1\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::3>Liz<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f5\fs26\b0\i1\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::4> (found herself jumping to the defense of committed relationships):<!$Scr_Cs::4>}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::5>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Evan, that\u8217\'92s nonsense. 90%? Really?\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::5>}
\par\plain {\f6\fs30\b1\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::3>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f5\fs26\b0\i1\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::4> (posed a question to keep the audience engaged)<!$Scr_Cs::4>}{\f2\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 :}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::5>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Can anyone guess how many people are registered on dating or hookup sites?\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::5>}
\par\plain {\f6\fs30\b1\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::3>Liz<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f1\fs26\b1\cf8  }{\f5\fs26\b0\i1\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::4>(mild irritation):<!$Scr_Cs::4>}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::5>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know, Evan \endash  a million?\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::5>}
\par\plain {\f6\fs30\b1\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::3>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f1\fs26\b1\cf8  }{\f5\fs26\b0\i1\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::4>(wanting to convince, not challenge Liz): <!$Scr_Cs::4>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::5>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Conservatively, tens and tens and tens of millions.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::5>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf9  }{\f5\fs26\b0\i1\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::4>(Evan repeated the word \loch\af5\hich\af5\dbch\af5\uc1\u8220\'93tens\u8217\'92 multiple times for both accuracy and dramatic effect).<!$Scr_Cs::4>}
\par\plain {\f6\fs26\b1\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::3>Liz<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf8  }{\f5\fs26\b0\i1\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::4>}{\f5\fs26\b0\i1\cf7 (}{\f5\fs26\b0\i1\cf7 unconvinced):<!$Scr_Cs::4>}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::5>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That can\u8217\'92t be right.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::5>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs30\b0\i0\cf1 Evan}{\f5\fs26\b0\i1\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::4> (wanting to convince, not challenge):<!$Scr_Cs::4>}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::5>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s true, I researched it last night.\u8221\'94 <!$Scr_Cs::5>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf9 Guido}{\f5\fs26\b0\i1\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::4> (impressed):<!$Scr_Cs::4>}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::5>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93My boy did his homework!\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::5>}
\par\plain {\f6\fs26\b1\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::3>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf9  }{\f5\fs26\b0\i1\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::4>(continued): <!$Scr_Cs::4>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::5>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93With a few cringy exceptions, that means, like me, those tens of millions of website members have a 100% failure rate.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::5>}
\par\plain {\f6\fs30\b1\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::3>Abe<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f1\fs26\b1\cf8  }{\f5\fs26\b0\i1\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::4>(sounding wise, as always)<!$Scr_Cs::4>}{\f2\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 :}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::5>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I think you\u8217\'92re right about that, Evan. I often hear the students at the University discussing their experiences with online dating. I would venture to guess that if you polled the students in my classes, the vast majority are currently or were recently members of a dating site.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::5>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf9 Evan}{\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf8  }{\f5\fs26\b0\i1\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::4>(energized by Abe\loch\af5\hich\af5\dbch\af5\uc1\u8217\'92s supportive comments):<!$Scr_Cs::4>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::5> \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Exactly! And that doesn\u8217\'92t even count the number of single people not using the web to find a partner.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::5>}
\par\plain {\f6\fs30\b1\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::3>Guido<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f1\fs26\b1\cf8  }{\f5\fs26\b0\i1\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::4>(knowing well his friends propensity for being thorough, jokingly):<!$Scr_Cs::4>}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::5>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I have a feeling we have some more stats coming our way!\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::5>}
\par\plain {\f6\fs26\b1\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::3>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f5\fs26\b0\i1\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::4> (scratching his head):<!$Scr_Cs::4>}{\f0\fs26\b0\cf9  }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::5>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93When I think about all the couples I\u8217\'92ve known over the years, feels like half of them aren\u8217\'92t exactly living the dream. They stay together for the kids, convenience, financial concerns, or dread the idea of starting over. That leaves only 5% of relationships that I would consider healthy.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::5>}
\par\pard\plain \sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f6\fs30\b1\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::3>Liz<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f1\fs26\b1\cf8  }{\f5\fs26\b0\i1\cf7 (although Liz knows Evan is not attacking, she is feeling defensive)}{\f2\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 :}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::5> \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What about the couples in this room? Our relationships are thriving!\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::5>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf9 Evan }{\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf8  }{\f5\fs26\b0\i1\cf7 (treading lightly)}{\f2\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 :}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::5>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I agree. I don\u8217\'92t want to offend anyone, but I can\u8217\'92t think of even one long-term relationship with energy matching levels when the relationship began. Most relationships peak within their first year.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::2><$Scr_Ps::1>Evan was about to say \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91and deteriorate after that\u8217\'92 but thought better of it. He could see that Liz was ready to jump and challenge his statement. Wanting to avoid that occurrence, he quickly continued.<!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f6\fs28\b1\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::3>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf10  }{\f5\fs26\b0\i1\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::4>(gazing off, dreamily):<!$Scr_Cs::4>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf10  }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::5>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s nothing quite like the first magical year getting to know someone. A time where everything feels fresh \endash  the first kiss, the excitement of holding hands, the initial rush of exploring intimacy together, discovering new places to eat, maybe even that first trip away.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::2><$Scr_Ps::1>Evan paused for a moment embracing the afterglow of those lovely thoughts, before switching to the downside of it all.<!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f6\fs30\b1\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::3>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f5\fs26\b0\i1\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::4> (melancholy):<!$Scr_Cs::4>}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::5> \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But then, over time, everything shifts. It's like couples just stop trying. The spark goes out, they argue more, and that thrill of seeing each other fades away, sometimes disappearing entirely. Next thing you know, they are breaking up, signing divorce papers, and ending up with...<!$Scr_Cs::5>}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf6 " }{\f5\fs26\b0\i1\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::4>(He paused, eyes downcast)<!$Scr_Cs::4>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::5> "...a whole lot of heartache."<!$Scr_Cs::5>}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf6  }{\f5\fs26\b0\i1\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::4>(Raising his eyes, he concluded)<!$Scr_Cs::4>}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf6  }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::5>"Even the best of couples can't seem to keep up the energy from their first year together."<!$Scr_Cs::5>}
\par\plain \f2\fs22\b1\i0\cf11
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b1\i0\cf11 <$Scr_Cs::6>Step 2:<!$Scr_Cs::6>}
\par\plain {\f6\fs26\b1\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::3>Alicia<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf9  }{\f5\fs26\b0\i1\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::4>(adding her perspective): <!$Scr_Cs::4>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf9 "Let's not forget, Evan, everyone's love story is unique. Abe and I, we might not be all over each other like we just met, but our connection runs deep, built on respect. That includes respecting the long hours and the sacrifices we both make for our careers."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\cf8  }{\f1\fs26\b1\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::3>Abe<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f1\fs26\b1\cf8  }{\f5\fs26\b0\i1\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::4>(offered his thoughts): <!$Scr_Cs::4>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf9 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93"Evan, I've listened with an open mind, and you make some compelling points. However, trying to keep life at a perpetual climax? That's a puzzle no one can solve. Humans, like all creatures, aren't meant for endless peaks.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f6\fs30\b1\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::3>Liz<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f1\fs26\b1\cf8 : }{\f0\fs26\b0\cf9 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Evan.\u8221\'94 (Liz paused her words while letting out an exasperating gas of air \endash  part out of frustration and part out of shame." }
\par\pard\plain \sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b1\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::3>Liz<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f5\fs26\b0\i1\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::4> (with a hint of concession):<!$Scr_Cs::4>}{\f0\fs26\b0  "}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::5>I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92m ashamed to admit it, but Joe and I have let things slide between us far too often. After a grueling day, it's too tempting to just veg out. We end up ordering in and binge-watching instead of really connecting with each other."<!$Scr_Cs::5>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b1\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::3>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f5\fs26\b0\i1\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::4> (with a touch of regret)<!$Scr_Cs::4>}{\f0\fs26\b0 : }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::5>"Liz, I didn't mean to make anyone feel bad, least of all you."<!$Scr_Cs::5>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b1\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::3>Liz<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs26\b0  }{\f5\fs26\b0\i1\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::4>(understandingly):<!$Scr_Cs::4>}{\f0\fs26\b0  }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::5>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I get it, you weren't pointing fingers. Yes, that early thrill of a new relationship has settled down with Joe and me. But it's been replaced by something so much stronger. My relationship with Joe is rooted in the only thing that counts \endash  love. These roots run deep and are strong, not only because of life's greatest joys, but also because of life\u8217\'92s toughest challenges. With all your talk of numbers and percentages, you have left love out of the equation."<!$Scr_Cs::5>}
\par\pard\plain \sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f6\fs30\b1\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::3>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs30\cf1  }{\f5\fs26\b0\i1\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::4>(The pain obvious in eyes, words the tone of his words and his body language):<!$Scr_Cs::4>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::5> "I didn't factor in love because, for me, love's off the table. You get one shot at true love. I had mine, and now it's lost forever."<!$Scr_Cs::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::2><$Scr_Ps::1>The room fell into a stunned hush at Evan's raw expression of pain and hopelessness, an unusual display from someone who typically shrouded his sorrows in silence. His pain resonated deeply, leaving everyone at a loss for the right words of comfort.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Liz, wrapping Evan in a hug before pulling away with a look of deep care, said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re young, wonderful, and handsome. Love will find its way back to you.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan, with a rare flash of irritation, rebuffed, <!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::5>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh really, Liz?\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::5>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::2>Raising his voice to ensure he was heard, Evan called out,<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs30\cf1  }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::5>"Hey, Joe."<!$Scr_Cs::5>}{\f0\fs30\cf1  }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::2>Joe glanced up from the deck of cards he was shuffling. With Joe's full attention, Evan posed a pointed question.<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs30\cf1  }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::5>"Joe, is there a backup plan for love if things go south with Liz?"<!$Scr_Cs::5>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::2>Joe didn't hesitate, his reply ringing with conviction.<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::0> <!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f2\fs22\b1\i0\cf11 <$Scr_Cs::6>"<!$Scr_Cs::6>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::5>Not a chance! Liz is my everything. There's no one else for me."<!$Scr_Cs::5>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::2>Evan turned back to Liz, pressing on,<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::5> \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And Liz, if you and Joe didn't make it, is there someone else who could take his place?\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::5>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::2>Liz, clearly agitated by Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s line of questioning, responded,<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs30\cf1  }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::5>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Evan, that\u8217\'92s not fair to ask.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::5>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::2>Evan stood firm, <!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::5>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s the fairest question of all. Look around; the couples in this room found their once-in-a-lifetime love and clung to it. If I still had my true love, I\u8217\'92d be content with those quiet nights in, embracing every high and low life throws at us, as long as we faced it together.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::5>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::2>Liz felt a rare irritation bubbling up.  It was unusual for Evan to counter every suggestion she made with such persistence. His readiness to challenge her at every turn was both surprising and unsettling.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Alicia, noticing the tension building in Liz, sought to steer the discussion in a more productive direction:<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::5> \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Evan, what\u8217\'92s the endpoint of all this? You mentioned having an epiphany that sparked a brilliant idea?\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::5>}
\par\plain \f0\fs30\cf1
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b1\i0\cf11 <$Scr_Cs::6>Step 3:<!$Scr_Cs::6>}
\par\plain \f2\fs22\b1\i0\cf11
\par\pard\plain \sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::2>Alicia's intervention proved effective, pulling Evan back from the brink of despondency. Revitalized, the initial zeal with which Evan began the discussion made a comeback, signaling he was primed to divulge both his revelation and his novel approach to relationships.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan, his voice gaining the cadence of a seasoned storyteller, began, <!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::5>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So, there I was, driving home last night, just glad to have the date behind me. Yet, I couldn't help but replay every moment of it in my head. The woman I was with? She was undeniably attractive, intelligent, and had a great sense of humor. Despite her being practically perfect, the thought of a second date didn't even cross my mind.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::5>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::2>Guido chimed in with his trademark blend of jest and a sliver of sincerity,<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::5> \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I'll happily take her off your hands. Shoot me her number, will ya?\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::5>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::2>Alicia, seizing the moment to land a playful jab at Guido, retorted, <!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::5>"Dream on, Guido. She's way out of your league. Remember, Evan mentioned she's intelligent." <!$Scr_Cs::5>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::2>The room erupted in laughter, marking the second time Alicia's quick wit won the crowd over.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Guido, conceding with a grin, acknowledged,<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::5> \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I've got to hand it to you, Alicia. You're really on fire tonight!\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::5>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::2>Evan, steering the conversation back to his revelation, continued,<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::5> \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Reflecting on the countless dates from the past year, I realized something. While a few were outright disasters and others simply fell flat, the majority involved decent women. And yet, I couldn't bring myself to see them again. It was during this reflection I had my epiphany. Deep down, I knew these relationships were doomed to fail or become unsatisfying.  More significantly, I finally accepted the fact that there was zero chance the relationship would result in true love.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::5>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::2>Liz, her voice laced with concern and a hint of desperation for Evan to view things from a brighter perspective, softly exclaimed, <!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::5>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, Evan.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::5>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::2>Abe, unexpectedly finding himself drawn into Evan's narrative, inquired with genuine interest, <!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::5>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So, what groundbreaking idea did this epiphany lead to?\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::5>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::2>Evan, unable to contain his anticipation, began energetically rubbing his hands together as if to warm up for the grand finale. <!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::5>"I'm glad you asked,"<!$Scr_Cs::5>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::2> he said, a spark of excitement lighting his eyes. <!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::5>"After coming to terms with the impossibility of ever finding true love again, it dawned on me that there might be another way to capture something just as fulfilling!"<!$Scr_Cs::5>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::2>Alicia leaned forward, intrigued. <!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::5>"And what's this 'next best thing'?" <!$Scr_Cs::5>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::2>Grinning from ear to ear, Evan dove right in. "<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::5>Well, since dating's been a bust and finding 'the one' a second time is nothing more than a fairytale, I thought of something kinda out there. Why not find someone cool? Not just a pretty face, but someone I would like hanging out with. Since relationships are often all fireworks in the first year, why not make a deal to just enjoy that ride for a year? Then, when the year is over, call it quits while things are still good, avoiding all that mess when things start to go downhill."<!$Scr_Cs::5>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::2>With his idea now fully revealed, Evan's gaze swept across the room, searching for a hint of shared excitement. Instead, he was met with expressions ranging from perplexed to utterly astonished. Notably, Liz's reaction was the most striking to Evan; her features frozen in a state of sheer astonishment, far exceeding simple surprise or disbelief.}
\par\pard\plain \sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Liz, her voice laced with incredulity, couldn't mask her disbelief.  <!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::5>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Let me get this straight. Your grand scheme is to date a girl for a year and then dump her? What girl is going to go for that?\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::5>}
\par\pard\plain \sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::2>Evan, feeling his intentions were being misconstrued, clarified,<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::5> \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It's not about 'dating' for a year, Liz. It\u8217\'92s about sharing a meaningful relationship for that time. But yes, finding someone agreeable to such a proposition might be a challenge.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::5>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::2>Alicia, chiming in with a dose of reality, pointed out, <!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::5>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Evan, any woman worth spending a year with isn\u8217\'92t going to sign up for an expiration date on the relationship.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::5>}
\par\pard\plain \sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::2>Evan conceded,<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::5> \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re right, Alicia. Which is why I couldn\u8217\'92t disclose the full scope of my plan upfront. Besides, it could tarnish the Vaughn Foundation's reputation if it ever got out that I\u8217\'92m that I am going around asking women to be in relationship of this kind.\u8221\'94 <!$Scr_Cs::5>}
\par\pard\plain \sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::2>Liz couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t help but respond with a hint of sarcasm, <!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::5>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You think?\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::5>}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b1\i0\cf11 <$Scr_Cs::6>Part 4:<!$Scr_Cs::6>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::2>Evan leaned forward, a crease of concern etching his brow as he grappled with the ethical dilemma of his plan. "I don't feel great about not being able to disclose my plan upfront," he confessed, his voice tinged with unease. "But, I think I've found a way to compensate for the deceit and the hurt that an unexpected breakup might cause."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Liz raised an eyebrow, skepticism shadowing her features. "And how do you propose to manage that?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan met her gaze, his expression earnest, a spark of hope flickering in his eyes. "Abe made a great point about people not being meant to live at constant emotional highs. Considering it's just for a year, I plan to be 'the perfect boyfriend'\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 attentive, caring, supportive, ensuring her every need is met. I know that's something I can commit to for a year."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Liz folded her arms, unconvinced. "So, you believe being Mr. Perfect for a year makes up for the heartbreak of a blindside breakup?" she challenged, her voice rising slightly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan nodded, his conviction not faltering. "Yes, I genuinely believe that. If a woman were to truly consider it, I think many would accept a moment of heartache in exchange for a year of being treated well," he reasoned, trying to gauge his sister's reaction.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Liz, her affection for her brother evident despite her opposition to his plan, placed a comforting hand on his shoulder. "Evan, you're my brother, and I understand this is coming from a place of pain and loneliness," she said softly, her voice imbued with warmth yet firm with resolve. "But I cannot, in good conscience, stand by and watch you go through with such an ridiculous plan."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Guido, unable to remain a mere spectator any longer. "Look, Evan's approach might be a bit out there, but calling it ridiculous? That's a stretch."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Liz, eyebrows knitted in confusion and disbelief, turned to Guido. "How on earth can you defend this? Even if I wanted to support him, there's no way this plan could ever succeed. Evan, you're the despise lying and you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re bad at it. Any woman would see right through this in a heartbeat."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan massaged his temples. "I've been wrestling with this idea, thinking it through from every angle. Then It dawned on me, I wouldn't have to lie <!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs26\b0 per se\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 just avoid revealing my plan the breakup after a year.}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::2>"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Liz, shaking her head in disapproval: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Come on, Evan. You know better than that. The whole relationship would be one big lie.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 The weight of Liz's disappointment was a tangible force, pressing uncomfortably against Evan's chest. He knew she was right, yet admitting his desperation wasn't something he was prepared to do\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 not here, not in front of everyone. He struggled internally, his thoughts a whirlwind. <!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f8\fs26\i1\cf12 <$Scr_Cs::7>But Liz, I'm at my wit's end. Do I become like Guido, hopping from one bed to another? I'm done with dating; it's just not for me. What choices do I have left? Resign myself to solitude or go ahead with this plan?<!$Scr_Cs::7>}
\par\pard\plain \sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0 Seeing Evan struggle, Guido stepped in to support his friend: "Liz, I think you're being a bit harsh. Everybody holds back something in a relationship \endash  especially at the beginning.  The dating world is all about people presenting their best selves, not their real selves. }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s not planning to lie; he\u8217\'92s just focusing on being the best partner he can be. }{\f0\fs26\b0 Not because he has to, but because he wants to. That's is Evan's real self and there is no lie in that.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Liz, her voice laced with concern and a softening demeanor, responded: "But can't you see how that will make it harder on the poor girl? She\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ll be left heartbroken, wondering why everything so  perfect ended so suddenly."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Guido, never one to shy away from a debate\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 even with Liz, whom he respected deeply\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 countered: }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf9 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So what you're saying, Liz, is that Evan will never find true love again?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Liz was caught off guard by Guido's response }{The air was thick with puzzled glances, leaving the room in a rare state of perplexed silence as }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 everyone, including Evan, pondered the underlying message in Guido's challenge.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Alicia, visibly upset and rising to Liz's defense, snapped: "He didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t say that, Guido! Don\u8217\'92t twist her words.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Guido, with a hint of mischief yet making a point, retorted: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m just going by what I heard. It seemed pretty clear to me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Liz, trying to keep the peace, interjected: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Calm down you two. Guido, why would you think I'm saying Evan's never gonna find true love again?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Guido leaned in, his voice laced with conviction, "You're assuming it'll end in a breakup after a year, right?" }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Liz, perplexed yet intrigued by where Guido was leading, nodded, "That's the plan, isn't it?" }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 As the conversation unfolded, Guido shared his perspective on the unpredictable nature of relationships, emphasizing that every love story begins shrouded in uncertainty. He posited that even the most thought-out plans for a relationship seldom pan out as expected. }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf9 Guido suggested to Liz that Evan would probably fall in love with the first girl he tried this relationship plan with and a breakup would likely never happen. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Evan was irked by Guido's suggestion, }{\f8\fs26\b0\i1\cf12 <$Scr_Cs::7>Guido's nuts, I'm never going to fall in love again.<!$Scr_Cs::7>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::5> <!$Scr_Cs::5>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf9 Evan's annoyance with Guido's claims gave way to feeling }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 a flicker of hope as he noticed Liz's expression soften}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf9 .}{\f8\fs26\b0\i1\cf12 <$Scr_Cs::7> Look at Liz's face! Is she finally starting to come around? <!$Scr_Cs::7>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::2>This hint of acceptance from Liz introduced a sliver of hope to Evan's rigid outlook, suggesting that the path of his planned relationship might not be as predetermined as he thought. <!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan (Seeing a crack in Liz's armor, he decided to run with it): \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, Liz. If there is a chance I might find love again, isn\u8217\'92t this a better way than what I\u8217\'92ve been doing the last year? Either I\u8217\'92m going to find a woman I love and want to spend the rest of my life with, or I will have a wonderful relationship for a year that would end in a breakup regardless. Come on, sis. Back me on this. I really need your support.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Liz, think about it. If there's even the smallest chance I could stumble upon love again, wouldn't this approach be better than the endless string of go-nowhere dates? It's either I discover someone to grow old with, or I enjoy a year of something meaningful before it inevitably ends. I need you in my corner on this one. Can't you see it's worth a shot?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Liz's response was a contemplative silence, her thoughts evidently churning.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::2>In Liz's silence, Evan saw a crack in the armor and turned up the sibling charm. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Liz, I'm begging here. I really think this could be good for me. I can't do this without your support. Please, for your baby brother?\u8221\'94 He urged, his child-like smile disarmingly sweet.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Liz, wordless, simply stood and retreated to another room, leaving Evan hanging in a suspenseful silence, wondering if his plea had reached her heart or if he'd pushed too far.<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf9
\par\plain \f7\fs18\b0\i0
\par\plain \f7\fs18\b0\i0
\par\plain \f7\fs18\b0\i0
\par\plain \f7\fs18\b0\i0
\par\plain \f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf9
\par\plain \f7\fs18\b0\i0
\par\plain \f7\fs18\b0\i0}