{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red163\green101\blue209;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb120\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b1\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Saturday, September 21<!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \sa160\sl259\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i1 Six years after "The Kiss"<!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 DIVORCE. That single word, stark and unforgiving, leapt out at Evan Vaughn from the poisonous pages of the divorce decree. To him, the word 'DIVORCE' loomed large on the page, its letters inflating to an oppressive scale, dwarfing all other words and striking his core with a pain as sharp as lightning. Evan's gaze then drifted across the table to Sarah. }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::2>How did our storybook beginning, sealed with that magical kiss, lead to this bitter end?<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  he brooded. Evan had many more questions pinching at his mind. The one commonality amongst all of his unanswered questions was that they started with the same word \endash  Why?}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 DIVORCE. The word, stark and merciless, seemed to leap from the poisonous pages of the divorce decree at Evan Vaughn. It dominated the document, its letters grotesquely swollen, obscuring everything else, and sending a jolt of pain through his body. His eyes, heavy with unanswered questions, shifted to Sarah. *How did our fairytale start, that first kiss seeming so magical, lead to such a bitter finale?* he brooded. Question after question gnawed at his mind, all echoing a single, haunting word: Why?}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0}