{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red163\green101\blue209;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Laura couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t sit still. Each tick of the kitchen clock seemed to drag. She paced to the window, peering out, then back to the door. When Evan\u8217\'92s car finally pulled into the parking lot, relief washed over her, quickly replaced by a surge of impatient energy.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 When Laura saw Evan enter the building, she bolted from the window to the apartment\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s front door, flinging it open. From the sound of his footsteps, he seemed to be crawling up the stairs at a snail\u8217\'92s pace \endash  or perhaps he was moving in slow motion. Every creak of the ancient wood under his feet sent a jolt through her. By the time Evan reached the top, she was practically hopping from foot to foot, waving her arms wildly. \u8220\'93Come on, come on!\u8221\'94 A week of anticipation buzzed through her like a swarm of angry bees, and the playful swat to his arm was an inevitable release. \u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s for keeping me in suspense all week!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan chuckled, rubbing his bicep. }{\f1\fs26\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>Ouch, but the look on her face was worth it.<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I didn\u8217\'92t want to say anything until I was sure we could pull this off,\u8221\'94 Evan explained.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We?\u8221\'94 Laura cocked an eyebrow. \u8220\'93And what exactly is \u8216\'91this\u8217\'92?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 They settled at the kitchen table, Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s fingers drumming a quick rhythm against the worn wood. He pulled out his laptop, the screen flickering to life. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll need your help. But fair warning \endash  we might have to\u8230\'85 let\u8217\'92s say, compromise our integrity a bit to keep Maggie from figuring things out. Are you up for that?\u8221\'94 He met her gaze, a hint of mischief in his eyes. Liz\u8217\'92s voice a playful nag in his head}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }{\f1\fs26\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8221\'94Evan, another white lie? You know they catch up with you...\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Laura\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s stomach fluttered\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 not with guilt, but with anticipation. \u8220\'93If it helps Maggie stay in school, I\u8217\'92m in! \u8220\'93 Evan felt a surge of relief, not just for Maggie, but for himself. }{\f1\fs26\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>Maybe Liz was right most of the time, but there are exceptions to her no white-lie philosophy. This was definitely one of them. We\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92re doing something good here.<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan took a deep breath. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I think I found a way to get Maggie to accept that fifteen grand... and she won\u8217\'92t even suspect a thing.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Laura sat up straighter. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A miracle? Do tell.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A scholarship!\u8221\'94 he declared. A wide grin spread across his face.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Wait... explain. How?\u8221\'94 Laura leaned forward, intrigued.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93My attorney walked me through it all. We\u8217\'92re going to set up a completely anonymous scholarship fund. Now, here\u8217\'92s the clever bit,\u8221\'94 Evan\u8217\'92s eyes twinkled, \u8220\'93the \u8216\'91McCarthy Irish American Culinary Scholarship.\u8217\'92\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Laura\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s smile widened. \u8220\'93I love it already!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93My lawyer said this has to be legit. So, we\u8217\'92ll post it somewhere official, but I won\u8217\'92t advertise it widely. Maggie should be the only one who knows about it. It\u8217\'92ll be framed as a one-time holiday gift,\u8221\'94 Evan explained, excitement building in his voice. \u8220\'93We\u8217\'92ll open applications this week, and you\u8217\'92ll need to convince Maggie to apply online. Can you do that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Absolutely! Consider it done,\u8221\'94 Laura replied, her own enthusiasm growing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan nodded. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The money can go towards tuition, living expenses, anything as long as she\u8217\'92s a full-time student. There\u8217\'92s a small chance we\u8217\'92ll get other applicants. To make sure Maggie wins, we need a trusted selection committee... one without me on it.\u8221\'94 He winked at Laura, \u8220\'93That\u8217\'92ll be you. Make sure Maggie wins, no matter what. My lawyer will have some paperwork for you \endash  alright with all that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Evan, this is genius!\u8221\'94 Laura exclaimed. \u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t worry, I\u8217\'92ll handle it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Important detail,\u8221\'94 Evan added, his tone turning serious. \u8220\'93We can\u8217\'92t tell Maggie a thing. Once the fund\u8217\'92s there, it has to go to an Irish American culinary student. If she rejected the scholarship, you\u8217\'92d have to pick someone else.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Laura\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s smile didn\u8217\'92t fade. Her hands clapped together in a quick, giddy flurry. \u8220\'93I can\u8217\'92t believe we\u8217\'92re going to do this! I\u8217\'92m so excited!\u8221\'94 Her enthusiasm soared \endash  not just for the plan, but the thrill of being part of it.<!$Scr_Ps::0>}}