{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Bold;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red0\green149\blue223;\red170\green64\blue101;\red76\green76\blue76;\red208\green78\blue124;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\fi-372354512\li536605241\lin536605241}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \sa60\sb240\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs32\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_H::2>Scene Profile: }{\f2\fs28\b1\i0 <$Scr_Cs::1>Scene #16: Evan Meets Maggie<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Cs::1><!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sl120\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f3\fs32\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Ps::2>Summary:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf6 Amid an early dinner, Maggie vents about her dating struggles to Laura. Evan, captivated by Maggie's striking red hair, interprets it as a cosmic sign. Emboldened by fate, he interrupts their conversation, introducing himself with newfound courage. With Laura's support, Evan proposes they attend the fall festival together, convinced it's destiny. Maggie, initially skeptical, finds herself intrigued by Evan's spontaneity and the possibility of a serendipitous connection.<!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sl168\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Ps::2>Leading Context:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf6 The previous two scenes set the stage for this scene when Evan and Maggie meet. In one of the previous scenes, we see Evan drawn to downtown Naperville where an autumn Festival is nearby. On his way to the festival through the downtown area, Evan catches sight of Maggie's red hair and considered it a sign from the Universe. Evan's confidence is waning as he gets closer to Maggie. Evan is unaccustomed to approaching women that he's never met \endash  he is no pickup artist and what some might say, "He has no game." However fueled by the energy in his new plan, and desperation for relationship that falls outside the realm of dating, he is doing his best to overcome his fear.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf6 In the prior scene, Laura and Maggie are sitting in the outdoor seating area of a downtown caf\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u233\'E9. Laura is trying to convince Maggie to consider dating. That scene ends with a lead-in to to this scene. The last two paragraphs of the previous scene are as follows:}
\par\plain \f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf6
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf6 Laura pressed relentlessly. "Surely there's got to be someone catching your eye, anywhere?"}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf6 Laura's plea seemed to echo through the crowd, reaching ears beyond their own. A figure lingering just out of sight felt a strange jolt of recognition in her words.}
\par\plain \f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf6
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf6 This scene will pick up for where that one left off.<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sl168\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf6
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 Setting:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 - Location:}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::5> Outside dining at a quaint caf\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u233\'E9 in downtown Naperville, Illinois.<!$Scr_Cs::5>}
\par\plain {\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 - Time:}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::5> Early evening.<!$Scr_Cs::5>}
\par\plain {\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 - Weather/Environment:}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::5> A comfortable fall day \endash  moderate temperature.<!$Scr_Cs::5><!$Scr_Ps::4><$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sl168\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 Characters Present:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 - Main Characters:}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::5> Evan, Maggie, Laura.<!$Scr_Cs::5><!$Scr_Ps::4><$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sl168\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf7
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 Character Emotional State:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 - Evan:}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::5> <!$Scr_Cs::5>}{\f0\fs24 Evan considered the timing of Laura's comment "Surely there's got to be someone catching your eye, anywhere?" To be the universe opening the door for his entry and an opportunity to meet Maggie. Feeding off the boost of confidence that this was all meant to be, Evan started off charming and confident \endash  no fear insight. However, by the end of the scene, his confidence begins to wane. However, he handles it well and the girls find his exit charming.}
\par\plain {\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 - Maggie:}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::5> Maggie is bewildered. She clearly is attracted to Evan, and feels tingling inside upon his arrival, and is flattered at his interest in her. However, she does have a mild skepticism, feeling uncertain of his motives. Additionally, she is resistant to dating or being in relationship with any man, even one she is attracted to because of the pull on her schedule and the belief that any man she likes will break up with her because she doesn\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92t have time to spend with him.<!$Scr_Cs::5>}
\par\plain {\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 - Laura:}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::5> Laura couldn't be more delighted. She was not in any way offended that Evan's attention went directly to Maggie. She was excited for Maggie and almost immediately was in Evan's corner, doing what she could do to overcome Maggie's beginning resistance. She felt an immediate fondness and trust for Evan and had no qualms about him taking Maggie to the autumn Festival.<!$Scr_Cs::5><!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sl168\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf7
\par\plain \f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf7
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Ps::2>POV:}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::5> Third person limited, deep (focusing on Evan)<!$Scr_Cs::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sl168\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf6
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 Dialogue Focus:}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::5> Heavy<!$Scr_Cs::5>}
\par\plain {\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 Use of Internal Dialogue:}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::5> Minimal<!$Scr_Cs::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sl168\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 Objectives/Goals:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::6>}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li576\fi-216\sa60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 The readers learn a little bit about Evan, both in his nervousness in such a situation, but also in his charm in being both confident and humble at the same time.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 The readers get a little more insight into Maggie's resistance, although they begin to sense it weakening. In the scenes to come, will provide more insight into Maggie's dating concerns.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 This scene is meant to be a fun uplifting scene showing how Maggie and Evan first meet.<!$Scr_Ps::6><$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sl168\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 Notes:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf6 This document is the Scene Profile and is meant to be used as a reference. Do not write the scene at this time.<!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf5}