{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Bold;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red186\green124\blue93;\red139\green93\blue0;\red0\green135\blue216;\red0\green108\blue175;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0>[ In this scene, we will add a little mystery. Initially, the reader might think that there is something romantic between Laura and Evan. We are going to let them think that although that is not true. In this scene, is where Laura and Evan begin to discuss the real reasons why Maggie is quitting school. This is where the seed for Evan's internship program idea gets planted. Although we don't find that out in the scene.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 I'm going to include a lot of narrative from the rough draft scene. However, feel free to replace that with more compelling narrative of your own.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 In the last scene, we left off with Evan feeling a bit of panic over Maggie's decision to leave school.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 Maggie, feeling sad, asked Evan to spend the night and so he did. This scene picks up in the morning following the day when Maggie revealed her plans to quit school to Evan.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 We want to start the scene informing the readers that Evan sucked over at Maggie's request. However, we quickly want to get into Evan's mind. Inform the readers that Evan was awake all night feeling uneasy about Maggie's decision. While he was still at a heightened state of panic, part of them was beginning to wonder if there was something more to the story.}
\par\plain \f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 At some point in the scene, Let the reader know that Evan needed to know, had to know what was going on. But let's not give away the mystery. The mystery comes when Evan whisper something in Laura's ear when Maggie's not looking. We don't immediately reveal what this is, so the reader may think they're having an affair. However, Evan needs to know why Maggie's quitting school, and is convinced that Laura knows her reason and will tell him.}
\par\plain \f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 ]}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sl144\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 <!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0 Evan had stayed overnight. They just finished eating breakfast and were minutes away from leaving together. Maggie had to get to school, and Evan would be heading home.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Laura had just emerged from her bedroom and was preparing a bowl of cereal for herself. Evan needed to say something to Laura, but he couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t find an opportunity with Maggie nearby.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Looking for an excuse to get close to Laura, Evan grabbed a small glass and poured milk from the carton she used for her cereal. He took his time, hoping Maggie would look away for a split-second. When she did, Evan whispered something in Laura\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s ear.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Laura looked back over her shoulder to make sure Maggie wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t focused on them, and then she nodded yes to Evan. Maggie caught only part of this quiet exchange between Laura and Evan. }
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0
\par\plain {\f2\fs26\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Maggie<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::3>(Mostly joking, but she wondered):<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::4>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why are you guys acting so secretive? Do I have to worry about you two?\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::4>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs26\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Laura<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::3>(quick with a lie):<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::4>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92re just talking about your Christmas present.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sl120\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Maggie believed Laura and continued packing up her books and folders for school. However, her mind couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t help but wonder. Sometimes it made her a little uncomfortable how fond Laura and Evan were of each other. If it weren\u8217\'92t for Evan\u8217\'92s affinity for PDA, Maggie wondered if a stranger would peg her or Laura as Evan\u8217\'92s girlfriend. Laura and Evan were playful together and enjoyed teasing each other. However, Maggie trusted them both and attributed their close friendship to similar personalities.}
\par\pard\plain \tx9000\sl120\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\ul\ulc0 \~\tab }
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sl120\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <!$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 [ Hopefully, we can playoff the scene in a comical way. We want to keep the mystery in there, but we want to show that Evan and Laura are not acting like cheating partners, but more like bumbling co-conspirators. I made this segment a little shorter, so we can get a feel for how we want the rest of the scene segments to go. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 ]}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sl120\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan rinsed his glass of milk out in the sink and asked Maggie if she was ready to leave. Maggie said she was, and they walked together toward the door. With Maggie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s back to them, Laura and Evan exchanged a glance that served as a confirmation of their plan.<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan walked Maggie to her car and kissed her before going to his. To avoid suspicion, Evan pulled out of his parking spot at the same time as Maggie. They pulled out of the parking lot one after the other. Maggie headed south toward school, and Evan headed north toward the highway.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan turned left into the parking lot of a convenience store. He waited there for a few minutes until he was comfortable the coast was clear. Then he got back on the road and headed back to Maggie and Laura\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s apartment.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan knocked on the door, and Laura answered. }
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sl120\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs26\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Laura<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::3>(Worried):<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::4>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Maggie\u8217\'92s going to kill me if she finds out. You have to promise me this will never get back to her.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::4>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs26\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::3>:<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::4>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I promise I won\u8217\'92t say a word.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::4>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs26\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Laura<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::3>(Worried):<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::4>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Are you sure she didn\u8217\'92t see you? Get in here fast!\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::4>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs26\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::3>(Comically confused):<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::4>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Maggie\u8217\'92s not here. Why are you whispering?\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::4>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs26\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Laura<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::3>(This should be comical to the reader):<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::4>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know why I am whispering.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sl120\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Laura\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s paranoia was making Evan paranoid. He walked to the window and peeked through the curtains to make sure Maggie\u8217\'92s car was not in the parking lot. }
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sl120\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs26\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::3>(Bumbling Cole-conspirator):<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::4>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The coast is clear.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx9000\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\ul\ulc0 \~\tab }
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Laura and Evan sat down at the kitchen table, facing each other.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sl120\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f2\fs26\b1\i0\cf5
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs26\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::3>(Inquired):<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::4>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I assume you know why I asked you to meet with me after Maggie left?\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::4>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs26\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Laura<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::3>(She was pretty sure she knew, but didn't want to look silly if she was wrong):<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::4>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I have a pretty good idea. But why don\u8217\'92t you go ahead and tell me.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::4>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs26\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::3>(Inquiring intensely. Hoping that he's not really part of the reason that she's quitting school.):<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::4>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s going on with Maggie? I know I\u8217\'92m not getting the full story. Why is she leaving school?\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::4>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs26\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Laura<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::3>(Reluctant):<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::4>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I wish you wouldn\u8217\'92t ask that question. Maggie made me swear a hundred times over I wouldn\u8217\'92t say anything to you. She doesn\u8217\'92t want you to know.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::4>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs26\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::3>(Insistent):<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::4>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Know what?\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::4>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs26\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Laura<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::3>(Laura wants to keep her promise to Maggie, but is hoping that if she shares with Evan, a solution will be found.):<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::4>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Maggie\u8217\'92s going to kill me if she ever finds out I told you. She\u8217\'92s quitting school because she ran out of money. After the holidays, one of her employers is cutting her hours in half. On top of that, she didn\u8217\'92t realize there was a maximum amount to her student loans. The amount she can borrow only covers a portion of her tuition.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sl120\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <!$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 [ Given the new direction of having Evan in panic mode and the last scene, let's consider something like having him let out a sigh and a chuckle and saying something like thank God. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 Then possibly Laura looks confused about why he responds that way. He just smiles and dismisses it and returns to the conversation at hand.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 However we do this, this is the point at which the reader should feel along with Evan a huge relief that he is not the cause of her decision, and now he can let go of his panic and move on to problem-solving mode. ]}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sl120\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 <!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs26\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::3>(Recovered from his panic):<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::4>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I had a feeling it was something like that. She only has a year and a half left. She can\u8217\'92t quit now.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::4>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs26\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Laura<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::3>(Stressed):<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::4>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s what I told her. But there\u8217\'92s no way she can afford school without the loan. She won\u8217\'92t even have enough money to pay her half of the utilities until she finds a different second job.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::4>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs26\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::3>(Gathering data):<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::4>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How much would she need to pay off her tuition and cover her half of the utilities until she graduates?\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::4>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs26\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Laura<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::3>(Answering the question as though it were an impossibility to resolve Maggie situation in a way to get her back to school):<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::4>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93With tuition and her share of utilities, she would need about $15,000 to graduate.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::4>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs26\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::3>(He already knows the answer to this question, but asks it just a case he is wrong.):<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::4>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t suppose there\u8217\'92s any way she would let me help her out.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sl120\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx9000\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\ul\ulc0 \~\tab }
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs26\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Laura<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::3>(Laura convinced there is no possibility Maggie would receive a gift that large. And she also emphasizes the amount fifteen thousand dollars, to make sure Evan understands the size of the problem. Laura doesn't realize that Evan has a lot of money.):<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::4>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Not a chance. That\u8217\'92s why she didn\u8217\'92t want me to tell you. She still feels like a charity case after you paid for her car repairs, and she still thinks it only cost $500! Maggie has some sort of working-class pride or something. I don\u8217\'92t know what it is. Besides Evan, it\u8217\'92s $15,000. You two haven\u8217\'92t been dating long, and do you even have that kind of money laying around?\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::4>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs26\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::3>(Dismissive of the size of the problem, focused on a way to get the money to Maggie. ):<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::4>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The money is not an issue. The problem is finding a way to get her to accept it. We can\u8217\'92t let her drop out of school. Do you have any ideas?\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sl120\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs26\b1\i0\cf5 <!$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 [ Laura shakes her head.  }
\par\plain \f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 Several minutes of silence passed by while both Laura and Evan put their thinking caps on, seeking a solution. Then, a light bulb lit up in Evan\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s head. ]<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl120\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sl120\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs26\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::3>(Excited):<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::4>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93<!$Scr_Cs::4>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf7 I think I have an idea!}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::4>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::4>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs26\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Laura<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::3>(Matching Evan's excitement):<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::4>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s your idea!?\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::4>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs26\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::3>():<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::4>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93<!$Scr_Cs::4>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf7 I don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t want to say anything yet. It might be a long shot, and I don\u8217\'92t want to get your Cautiously optimistichopes up too high. I need to consult with a few experts. When is her next tuition payment due?}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::4>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::4>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs26\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Laura<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::3>:<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::4>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The first week in January.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::4>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs26\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::3>(Raring to go):<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::4>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I better get moving then!\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::4>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs26\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Laura<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::3>(Dying to know):<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::4>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You can\u8217\'92t leave me hanging here, Evan. What\u8217\'92s your idea?\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::4><!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f2\fs26\b1\i0\cf5
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0 <$Scr_Ps::1>Evan headed quickly for the door. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll tell you soon! I promise,\u8221\'94 he said as he rushed out of the apartment.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx9000\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\ul\ulc0 \~\tab }
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\strike\strikec0\cf7 <$Scr_Ps::5> \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Not a chance. That\u8217\'92s why she didn\u8217\'92t want me to tell you. She still feels like a charity case after you paid for her car repairs, and she still thinks it only cost $500! Maggie has some sort of working-class pride or something. I don\u8217\'92t know what it is. Besides Evan, it\u8217\'92s $15,000. You two haven\u8217\'92t been dating long, and do you even have that kind of money laying around?\u8221\'94 asked Laura, making sure to stress the amount of money.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\strike\strikec0\cf7  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The money is not an issue. The problem is finding a way to get her to accept it. We can\u8217\'92t let her drop out of school. Do you have any ideas?\u8221\'94 asked Evan.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\strike\strikec0\cf7 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93None. Maggie would never accept a gift that large.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\strike\strikec0 Several minutes of silence passed by while both Laura and Evan put their thinking caps on, seeking a solution. Then, a light bulb lit up in Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s head.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\strike\strikec0\cf7 <$Scr_Ps::5>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I think I have an idea!\u8221\'94 exclaimed Evan.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\strike\strikec0\cf7 Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s tone got Laura excited. She asked, \u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s your idea!?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\strike\strikec0\cf7 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t want to say anything yet. It might be a long shot, and I don\u8217\'92t want to get your hopes up too high. I need to consult with a few experts. When is her next tuition payment due?\u8221\'94 asked Evan.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf7 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The first week in January.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf7 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I better get moving then!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf7 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You can\u8217\'92t leave me hanging here, Evan. What\u8217\'92s your idea?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf7 Evan headed quickly for the door. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll tell you soon! I promise,\u8221\'94 he said as he rushed out of the apartment.<!$Scr_Ps::5>}}