{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red163\green101\blue209;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>The aroma of roasted coffee beans and hushed conversations filled the air as Laura and Evan chose a nondescript coffee shop far from Maggie's culinary school territory. They huddled in a shadowy corner, a buzz of excitement crackling between them. Evan slouched low in his seat, glanced around nervously. With deliberate stealth, he placed the letter-sized, unmarked envelope on the table as if delivering classified documents. One last quick scan of the room, then he slid it across with a single finger, a hint of a playful smirk on his face.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Laura, played along, mirroring his spy-like theatrics, slipped the envelope open with a conspiratorial air, revealing its contents. A congratulatory letter, naming Maggie the winner of the \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91McCarthy Irish American Culinary Scholarship\u8217\'92. A yellow sticker marked \u8220\'93Sign Here\u8221\'94 on the second document made it clear that she was accepting her role as the sole member of the scholarship selection committee. Yet, something else remained inside... With a quick shake, a cashier\u8217\'92s check for a staggering $15,000 fluttered onto the table, made out directly to Maggie O\u8217\'92Brian.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Her eyes widened. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Evan, this is... wow.\u8221\'94 Despite the urgency in her voice, her hand moved with practiced authority, signing the document without hesitation. \u8220\'93I didn't think you give her the whole amount, all at once. Are you, like, secretly rich?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan looked down, his expression a mix of modesty and slight discomfort. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Nah, not really. It\u8217\'92s more like, well... my monthly expenses are minimal. I have no mortgage or car payments. Plus, I rent out my mountain cabin when I\u8217\'92m not there. Keeps me comfortable, I guess.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Laura leaned in, eyes wide. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Seriously? How long does it take you to make...\u8221\'94 she gulped, \u8220\'93...fifteen grand?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan explained. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Liz takes a salary from the foundation for the day-to-day stuff. Since I mostly volunteer, I don\u8217\'92t. That way, I can sneak off to the cabin whenever I need a break.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Laura interrupted, a playful awe in her voice. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re living my dream!\u8221\'94 A wistful sigh escaped her. \u8220\'93But wait... if you don\u8217\'92t take a salary, how...\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan shrugged, trying to downplay it. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93My income\u8217\'92s from company profits. It varies, but a week or two usually does the trick, whether I\u8217\'92m working or relaxing at the cabin. And hey,\u8221\'94 he added, a touch of earnestness in his voice, \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92d much rather see this money help Maggie than just sit in the bank doing nothing.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Wow, I had no idea!\u8221\'94 Laura exclaimed. \u8220\'93Okay, so what\u8217\'92s next?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan picked up the cashier\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s check and the congratulatory letter. With quick efficiency, he folded the letter and tucked both into an envelope already addressed to Maggie\u8217\'92s apartment. A swift lick sealed the flap tight.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 He handed the letter to Laura. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Slip this into your stack of mail tomorrow,\u8221\'94 he instructed. \u8220\'93And make absolutely sure Maggie\u8217\'92s the one who opens it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Laura\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes fell on the envelope, and a frown creased her brow. \u8220\'93Evan... You forgot the stamp! Maggie will know it wasn\u8217\'92t mailed to her if there\u8217\'92s no stamp on the envelope.\u8221\'94 She couldn\u8217\'92t hide a touch of exasperated amusement. \u8220\'93We gotta be sharper than this, or we\u8217\'92ll get busted!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s cheeks flushed with embarrassment. \u8220\'93Oops. You\u8217\'92re absolutely right. Can you take care of that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Of course. I was thinking. We should both be there when she opens it. Our Christmas Eve party doesn\u8217\'92t start until 7 p.m. Why don\u8217\'92t you come over A couple of hours earlier? This way, we can make this happen before the guests arrive,\u8221\'94 Laura suggested.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Gotcha!\u8221\'94 Evan paused after a moment of thought. \u8220\'93Do you... I mean, do you think this has any chance of working?\u8221\'94 Evan\u8217\'92s usual confidence seemed to waver slightly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hell no! Laura laughed, but the sound caught in her throat. \u8220\'93But hey, what else can we try?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan gave a hesitant nod. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re probably right. We should both brainstorm some ideas tonight, just in case she catches on. If worst comes to worst, we can fall back on an old, reliable tactic that\u8217\'92s worked for me in similar situations.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s that?\u8221\'94 Laura\u8217\'92s curiosity was piqued.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92ll remind her that if the situation were reversed, she\u8217\'92d do the same for me in a heartbeat, and she wouldn\u8217\'92t want me to refuse this opportunity.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Laura grinned, a spark of mischief in her eyes. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Genius! Anything else in your bag of tricks?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Nope, I think we\u8217\'92re all set for tomorrow.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well then, Operation Scholarship: Phase Two is officially completed!\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 They leaned across the table, not for a handshake, but a high-five that crackled with nervous energy. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 As Evan left the coffee shop, a sense of apprehension lingered. His plan was outlandish, a long shot at best. Yet, a spark of hope remained alive within him.}{\f1\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1> Maybe, just maybe, this crazy scheme might actually work. <!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <!$Scr_Ps::0>}}