{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red0\green108\blue175;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Maggie laid down partially on the bed with her feet hanging over the side. She had taken her time to freshen up, brush her teeth, and change into Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shirt. Maggie had spent the last 15 minutes staring at the ceiling while a war was being waged in her mind.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 There was a part of her that was scared and wanted to wait before sleeping with Evan. Then there was another part of her that wanted to go down to his bedroom. She already knew which side would win, but somehow waiting a few extra minutes made her feel less guilty about giving in to her desire.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0>Eventually, the internal conflict subsided, and she headed down to Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s bedroom. When she reached the doorway to Evan\u8217\'92s room, she stopped and joked, \u8220\'93I think my bedroom is haunted.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 The darkness of Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s room contrasted with the dim light of the hallway behind Maggie. These conditions provided the ideal lighting for Evan to see Maggie\u8217\'92s shapely silhouette through the shirt he had lent her. Evan paused for a few moments to absorb the beautiful view.<!$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I have a safe spot reserved for you,\u8221\'94 Evan said as he pulled up the blankets to welcome Maggie into his bed.<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Maggie laid down on her back next to Evan. Evan lay on his side, facing Maggie with his head propped up.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0>He asked, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Are you sure you\u8217\'92re okay with this?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What kind of girlfriend would I be if I let my boyfriend sleep all by himself?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 Maggie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s words brought a smile to Evan\u8217\'92s face. \u8220\'93Really!? I thought that you weren\u8217\'92t ready for that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m ready. I don\u8217\'92t know why I was hesitant \endash  scared, I guess,\u8221\'94 admitted Maggie.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is this okay?\u8221\'94 Evan asked as he slowly unbuttoned Maggie\u8217\'92s shirt.<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Maggie nodded yes, and soon after, Rule #8 automatically started Maggie and Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s year together.}}