{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Liz was in her element, bustling around her Glenview, Illinois home, setting the stage for the poker night. Liz\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s appearance was that of everyday relatability, neither particularly tall nor notably petite, with a body that spoke of real-life experiences rather than gym hours. Her brown hair, cut to a practical medium length, framed her face with an effortless charm. Known for her casual elegance, Liz tonight had forgone any pretense of formality, opting instead for the classic comfort of well-loved blue jeans and a snuggly sweatshirt, embodying the casual, friendly atmosphere she cultivated at her poker gatherings.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Her kitchen was a symphony of activity as she laid out snacks and made sure the drinks were chilled just right. The house, cozy and inviting, was a testament to her love for hosting. She hummed along to the music playing softly in the background, a tune that matched her upbeat mood. But then, her phone lit up, displaying \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Chloe Collette\u8221\'94 across the screen.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Liz\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s heart did a little leap\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Chloe\u8217\'92s calls were always a mix of delight, drama, and chaos. Liz\u8217\'92s mind traveled back to her sophomore year in college, when she first met Chloe, then an awkward 14-year-old girl in need of a stable force. Their bond ignited instantly, with Chloe embracing the role of the little sister Liz had always craved and Liz becoming the dependable big sister that Chloe\u8217\'92s older sister, Rebecca, failed to be. Now, a decade later, their bond had evolved into a deep friendship, enriched by time. However, Liz\u8217\'92s protective, big-sister instincts lingered, a sweet reminder of their beginnings. Liz only wished Chloe didn\u8217\'92t live hundreds of miles away.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Without hesitation, Liz lowered the music volume, turned off the burner under the pot of simmering cheese dip, and poured herself a glass of wine. Settling onto a stool at the kitchen island, she tapped the speaker button, ready for whatever Chloe had to share. Chloe\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s distressed wails echoed loudly into the room. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Chloe, honey, take a deep breath and tell me what\u8217\'92s wrong,\u8221\'94 Liz said, her voice a mix of warmth and worry.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Chloe\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s reply was a waterfall of tears. \u8220\'93My boyfriend dumped me!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Liz let out a sigh, no stranger to Chloe\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s rollercoaster love life. \u8220\'93Again? What did he say this time?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Through tears, Chloe recounted, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We had another stupid fight about nothing! He called me a \u8216\'91bitch\u8217\'92 and told me he never wants to see me again!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Liz, ever the voice of reason, tried to offer a different perspective, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He doesn\u8217\'92t treat you very well. You two have broken up so many times. Chloe, maybe it\u8217\'92s best this way. I don\u8217\'92t understand why you always go back to him.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Chloe\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s response was almost childlike, \u8220\'93Because he loves me, and I love him.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 With a patience born of years of similar conversations, Liz pressed gently, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Really? Do you really love him, Chloe? Do you really think he loves you the way he treats you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 There was a pause, then Chloe, sounding less frantic but still distressed, admitted, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know, Liz, but I don\u8217\'92t want to be alone.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Liz\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s advice was compassionate but firm, \u8220\'93Fear of being alone is not a reason to be with a man who is emotionally and verbally abusive. Please think twice before going back to him.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Chloe sniffled, a sign she was calming down, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It doesn\u8217\'92t matter, he hates me. He\u8217\'92s never going to want me back anyway.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Just as Liz was about to delve deeper, Chloe cut in, her tone shifting from despair to a flutter of excitement, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh Liz, let me call you back tomorrow. He\u8217\'92s calling me right now. I need to answer before he hangs up.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Chloe\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s quick goodbye left Liz alone, mid-sip of her wine, yet a gentle smile played on her lips. Liz couldn\u8217\'92t help but chuckle. There was something  adorably predictable about Chloe\u8217\'92s frequent crises, reminiscent of an overly dramatic teen saga that Liz found endearing. Shaking her head with fond exasperation, she returned to her hosting tasks, the evening still unfolding ahead.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 The sound of the door opening signaled the arrival of the first guest. Liz, curiosity piqued, wondered who could be stepping into her well-prepared abode. The night promised its own set of surprises, the identity of the early guest just the first.}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <!$Scr_Ps::0>}}