{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red0\green108\blue175;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Laura and Evan entered the apartment together.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 Laura said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Look who I found?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan walked over to Maggie and gave her a hug and a kiss. Laura put the mail on the coffee table in front of the couch.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Evan, can you give me a hand with moving some of these chairs around?\u8221\'94 asked Laura.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 While Evan helped Laura, she whispered under her breath, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Here we go!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hey, Maggie. I think you should look through the mail. I thought I saw an important-looking envelope addressed to you,\u8221\'94 said Laura.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Important?\u8221\'94 asked Maggie.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah. Like something official.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I hope I\u8217\'92m not in trouble,\u8221\'94 said Maggie as she walked to the coffee table.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 Laura and Evan watched intently as Maggie shuffled through the mail before finding the scholarship envelope.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I wonder what this is about?\u8221\'94 asked Maggie.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Maggie opened the scholarship envelope and silently read the letter. She reached back into the envelope and pulled out the cashier\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s check. Her entire body trembled. She dropped to the couch and sat staring at the check with tears running down her face.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 Laura asked, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What is it, Maggie? Is everything okay?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This can\u8217\'92t be real. It says I\u8217\'92ve been awarded a scholarship, and there\u8217\'92s a cashier\u8217\'92s check with my name on it for $15,000.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 Laura walked over to Maggie and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Let me see that. This is that scholarship I told you about the other day. I had a good feeling about that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 Maggie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s tears subsided as she tried to make sense of what was happening. Maggie asked, \u8220\'93How could they pick someone so quickly?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I told you, it was a Christmas scholarship. It was for an Irish American culinary student. I think we got lucky and timed it perfectly,\u8221\'94 said Laura.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This must be a scam or something. Things like this never happened to me. Evan, come here and look at this,\u8221\'94 said Maggie as she handed the envelope, letter, and check to Evan.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93While you two look at that, I\u8217\'92ll get my laptop, and we can check out the website,\u8221\'94 said Laura.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 To enhance the charade, Evan took his time to review the letter and the check carefully. That also gave Laura time to boot up her laptop.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I am not an expert on these things, Maggie. I certainly never received a scholarship. However, I have seen my fair share of cashier\u8217\'92s checks, and this one looks kosher to me,\u8221\'94 said Evan.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So, you\u8217\'92re telling me I can go to the bank tomorrow and cash this for $15,000?\u8221\'94 asked Maggie.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, not tomorrow because the banks are closed on Christmas. But as soon as the banks open, yes!\u8221\'94 said Evan.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 Laura butted in and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Look, Maggie. It even shows on their website. You are the official recipient of the \u8216\'91McCarthy Irish-American Culinary Scholarship.\u8217\'92\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 Maggie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s suspicions were growing. I\u8217\'92ve never heard of anything like an Irish American Culinary Scholarship. Laura handed her laptop to Maggie and said: \u8220\'93See, it\u8217\'92s right here.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 Maggie looked through the website and then proceeded to search for more information. Laura and Evan nervously looked at each other. After 10 minutes of futility searching for more information about the scholarship, Maggie looked up and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How did you even find this scholarship, Laura? I can\u8217\'92t find anything about it on the Internet. Wait a minute. Evan, hand me that envelope.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 Evan handed the scholarship envelope to Maggie. She examined it for a few seconds. She compared it to other envelopes and asked, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why is there no postmark on this envelope?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0}