{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Bold;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red0\green149\blue223;\red170\green64\blue101;\red76\green76\blue76;\red208\green78\blue124;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs30\b0\i0\cf1\fi-1185\li1707\lin1707}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \sa60\sb240\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs32\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_H::2>Chapter Profile: }{\f2\fs28\b1\i0 Chapter 8: The Scholarship<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sl120\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Ps::1>Summary:<!$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf6 At the chapter's onset, Maggie confides in Evan her decision to pause her culinary studies to spend more time with him, masking her financial struggles as the real reason for her departure from school. Aware of the truth, Laura, Maggie's best friend who has also grown close to Evan, entrusts him with this secret, hoping for his intervention.}
\par\plain {\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf6 The chapter unfolds with Evan and Laura engaging in a comedic, albeit clumsy, plot to establish a scholarship tailor-made for Maggie. As the scheme's architect and financier, Evan ensures that Maggie, with Laura's encouragement, applies and inevitably secures the scholarship, despite their amateurish execution.}
\par\plain {\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf6 Amidst moments of levity and mishaps, their plan miraculously succeeds, and Maggie becomes the scholarship's recipient. Yet, a minor oversight coupled with their conspicuous behavior unveils the truth behind the "anonymous" benefactor, revealing Laura's involvement in the plot. Initially conflicted, Maggie ultimately embraces their generous gesture with gratitude.}
\par\plain {\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf6 As the chapter closes, the tone shifts, revealing Evan's introspection on his motives behind the grand gesture. He grapples with the possibility that guilt, rather than altruism, spurred his financial support for Maggie, leading him to a moment of profound self-reflection.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sl120\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf6
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 Leading Context:}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf6 This chapter takes place about six weeks into Evan and Maggie's relationship. Just a couple weeks short of Christmas. In previous scenes, we find out about Maggie's money troubles, and resistance to accepting gifts, not wanting to be seen as a charity case. In the previous chapter, we found out that Evan already stretch the truth, when he fixed Maggie's car and handed her an invoice that said $500. The true cost of the repairs were far greater than that amount. }
\par\plain \f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf6
\par\plain {\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf6 Evan, never actually said that only cost $500, and he said the reason I didn't cost as much is it normally would was because his mechanic friend, Frankie, gifted in some favors for all the business Evan brought to him. All this was true. So in Evan's mind, he never actually lied. Maggie accepted Evan's explanation and reluctantly agreed to accept, what she thought was $500 with repairs as early Christmas present. Although in this version of the book, the scene is been cut out, Laura knew that the repairs cost much more than $500 and mouths a "thank you" to Evan when Maggie wasn't looking. }
\par\plain \f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf6
\par\plain {\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf6 This scene picks up three weeks after Maggie's car was repaired.<!$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sl120\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf6
\par\plain \f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf5
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Ps::1>Setting:<!$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 - Location:}{\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::4> Evan's Home.<!$Scr_Cs::4>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 - Time:}{\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::4> Early evening.<!$Scr_Cs::4>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 - Weather/Environment:}{\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::4> Cold outside.<!$Scr_Cs::4><!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sl168\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 Characters Present:<!$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 - Main Characters:}{\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::4> Evan, Liz.<!$Scr_Cs::4><!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sl168\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf7
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 Character Emotional State:<!$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::4>- }{\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 Evan}{\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 :}{\f4\fs22\b0\i0  Evan's energy is weakening as Liz arrives, creating a mix of appreciation and reluctance in his interactions with her. He dreads the inevitable discussion about seeking specialist care, clinging to his rationale that his bouts of lethargy stem from mere overexertion. Despite his attempts to reassure both Liz and himself, there's an underlying fear that something more serious might be at play, a fear he's not prepared to confront. Yet, as Liz shifts the conversation towards Maggie, Evan's spirits lift slightly. While he harbors no deep love for Maggie, he finds satisfaction in the seamless execution of his "Love, Annually" plan.}
\par\plain {\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 - }{\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 Liz}{\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 : <!$Scr_Cs::4>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::5>Liz approaches Evan's door, steeling herself after an emotionally charged yet ultimately hopeful exchange with Chloe, determined to mask her recent tears from Evan. Upon seeing Evan's wearied state, her concern for his well-being intensifies, pushing her to advocate for a specialist's consultation. However, she respects their agreement, only pressing further if Evan's health appears compromised during his annual check-ups. As Evan shares details of his relationship with Maggie, Liz listens with a blend of concern and skepticism, questioning the depth and sincerity of their connection, given its foundation on Evan's structured plan rather than genuine affection.<!$Scr_Cs::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sl120\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::4> <!$Scr_Cs::4><!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sl168\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf7
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Ps::1>POV:}{\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::4> Third person limited, deep (focusing on Evan)<!$Scr_Cs::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sl168\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf6
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 Dialogue Focus:}{\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::4> Heavy<!$Scr_Cs::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sl168\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 Use of Internal Dialogue:}{\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::4> Moderate<!$Scr_Cs::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sl168\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 Objectives/Goals:<!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li720\fi-500\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs30\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs30\b0\i0\cf1 This scene marks the introduction of Evan's recurrent energy dips, a condition he's experienced sporadically since childhood. Despite their consistency, Evan remains skeptical of seeking medical advice, harboring a deep-seated mistrust towards the pharmaceutical industry and its propensity for overprescription.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs30\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs30\b0\i0\cf1 Evan's self-attributed cause of these episodes is overexertion, subtly suggesting a state of denial about the potential seriousness of his condition.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs30\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs30\b0\i0\cf1 The narrative introduces an agreement between Evan and Liz concerning his health care approach: Evan commits to an annual physical examination and agrees to consult a specialist only if these check-ups indicate a health issue.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs30\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs30\b0\i0\cf1 The scene updates readers on the progress of Evan and Maggie's relationship, now three weeks in. From Evan's perspective, the "Love, Annually" plan is unfolding perfectly, without any visible hitches.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs30\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs30\b0\i0\cf1 Evan shares with Liz his adherence to the guidelines they've established for his dating scheme, but mentions a growing friendship with Maggie's roommate. He expresses concern about how this dynamic might affect the eventual end of his relationship with Maggie.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs30\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs30\b0\i0\cf1 While Liz recognizes the mutual benefits Evan and Maggie derive from their arrangement, she harbors concerns for both, sensing the emotional complexities and potential repercussions of their unconventional relationship.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sl120\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf1  }
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Ps::1>Notes:<!$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf6 This document is the Scene Profile and is meant to be used as a reference. Do not write the scene at this time.<!$Scr_Ps::2>}}