{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f5\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red186\green124\blue93;\red130\green49\blue77;\red170\green64\blue101;\red208\green78\blue124;\red139\green93\blue0;\red0\green135\blue216;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>Use the most recent scene profile I provided to generate the Middle part of the scene. Please let me know if I need to resubmit the scene profile. Once completed, we will move on to the the end of the scene.<!$Scr_Cs::0>}
\par\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs32\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_H::2>}
\par\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs32\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Ps::1>Scene:}{\f3\fs32\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> Evan's Demand for Answers<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch \f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf6
\par\plain {\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 Plot/Action:<!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Ps::4>- Middle:<!$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf7
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f5\fs26\b1\i0\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::5>Liz <!$Scr_Cs::5>}{\f1\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>(Apologetic but in firm support of Evan)<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f5\fs26\b1\i0\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::5>:<!$Scr_Cs::5>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m sorry, Sarah, but I have to back Evan on this one. You know how much I care about you, but Evan does deserve some answers. I\u8217\'92m not signing either unless you agree to speak to Evan.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f5\fs26\b1\i0\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::5>Sarah's Junior attorney <!$Scr_Cs::5>}{\f1\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>(Extremely angry)<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f5\fs26\b1\i0\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::5>:<!$Scr_Cs::5>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You ungrateful bitch! Sarah\u8217\'92s practically giving you the company.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f5\fs26\b1\i0\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::5>Sarah <!$Scr_Cs::5>}{\f1\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>(Authoritative)<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f5\fs26\b1\i0\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::5>:<!$Scr_Cs::5>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::6> \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hold it right there! The next thing I want to hear is an apology to Liz. She exudes more class and integrity in her pinkie than me and all the attorneys here combined. You have one minute to apologize and leave. Otherwise, I\u8217\'92ll ensure through every contact I and my father have that this firm doesn\u8217\'92t see a dime from anyone we know. Is that clear?\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::6>}
\par\plain {\f5\fs26\b1\i0\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::5>Sarah's Junior attorney <!$Scr_Cs::5>}{\f1\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>(Humbled an apologetic)<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f5\fs26\b1\i0\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::5>:<!$Scr_Cs::5>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m sorry, Sarah. And I\u8217\'92m sorry, Mrs. Bennett, I let my temper get the best of me, and it will never happen again. I\u8217\'92ll excuse myself from this meeting.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f5\fs26\b1\i0\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::5>Evans attorney <!$Scr_Cs::5>}{\f1\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>(Understanding and benevolent)<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f5\fs26\b1\i0\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::5>:<!$Scr_Cs::5>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Look, Evan, he may have been an asshole about it, but he did make a point that should not be lost. I know for a fact Sarah has rejected beneficial advice from her attorneys. She has been cooperative and fair. I would even say she has been generous in ways I have never experienced in these types of settlements. I recommend you sign these documents.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f5\fs26\b1\i0\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::5>Sarah's senior attorney<!$Scr_Cs::5>}{\f2\fs26\b1\i0\cf8  }{\f1\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 (Calm but firm)}{\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 :}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::6> \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Evan, please understand that Sarah's offer is exceptionally fair. Delaying the signing could jeopardize these favorable conditions, potentially resetting negotiations. It's crucial we finalize today to maintain these terms.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::6>}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f5\fs26\b1\i0\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::5>Evan <!$Scr_Cs::5>}{\f1\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 (Rebellious and angry)}{\f5\fs26\b1\i0\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::5>:<!$Scr_Cs::5>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::6> \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do you think I care about money? She can have it all as far as I\u8217\'92m concerned. It means nothing to me. I want answers and won\u8217\'92t sign anything until I get them!\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::6>}
\par\plain {\f5\fs26\b1\i0\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::5>Sarah <!$Scr_Cs::5>}{\f1\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 (Relents and interjects)}{\f5\fs26\b1\i0\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::5>:<!$Scr_Cs::5>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He\u8217\'92s right. He does deserve better. Evan, I don\u8217\'92t think you\u8217\'92ll find any comfort in anything I would have to say. I don\u8217\'92t want to hurt you any more than I already have, and I don\u8217\'92t recommend we talk about it. However, if you agree to sign all the documents, I will agree to meet with you privately and answer all of your questions to the best of my ability.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f5\fs26\b1\i0\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::5>Sarah <!$Scr_Cs::5>}{\f1\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 (Calm and agreeable, asking her senior attorney)}{\f5\fs26\b1\i0\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::5>:<!$Scr_Cs::5>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is there a place where Evan and I can speak privately after the meeting?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f5\fs26\b1\i0\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::5>Sarah senior attorney <!$Scr_Cs::5>}{\f1\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 (Accommodating)}{\f5\fs26\b1\i0\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::5>:<!$Scr_Cs::5>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I want to apologize for my colleague\u8217\'92s actions. That was unacceptable. Sarah, you and Evan are free to use this conference room as long as you need.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f5\fs26\b1\i0\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::5>Sarah <!$Scr_Cs::5>}{\f1\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 (Accommodating)}{\f5\fs26\b1\i0\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::5>:<!$Scr_Cs::5>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Thank you. Will that work for you, Evan?\u8221\'94}}