{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26 <$Scr_Ps::0>I want to alter the last two paragraphs below slightly.  Here are my notes.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 1. It doesn't feel right to end the scene with a joke. Maybe we should just end the scene with Maggie responding "Absolutely!" I am open to suggestions.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\cf1 2. In chapter 6, Maggie and Evan consummate their relationship. If you need to refresh the }{\f0\fs26  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Love, Annually\u8221\'94 rules, let me know. One of the rules clearly states that if Evan becomes intimate with the girl he's considering for his new year-long relationship plan, that year starts the day he is intimate with her. At the beginning of the chapter, after the play, Evan invites Maggie back to his place to spend the night. Maggie wasn't expecting this and didn't bring any overnight clothes. In the original idea for the scene, I was going to have Evan give Maggie one of his button-down shirts that she can use as sleepwear. Keep in mind, this exchange is romantic and laced with gentle sexual energy. However, since Evans ultimate love interest, is not Maggie, it's Chloe, I decided I'm going to hold back on the scene a little bit and change the way it works. In a later scene Chloe has a similar experience with Evan in a button shirt. Although the context is slightly different, I don't want the reader to feel like they've already read this before and have the the impact of the Chloe scene diluted by a scene with Maggie. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 3. The last scene in chapter 6, has Maggie waking up while Evan is making her breakfast. She sees that there's female clothes and some comfortable shoes neatly stacked ready for her. these were a gift that Liz delivered in the morning while Maggie slept in. I want to change us to have the clothes ready for Maggie when they get back from the play. However, it will be slightly different than the original idea. Instead of just comfortable shoes and clothing for the day, Liz will have delivered some sleepwear for Maggie.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 4. The way I decided to approach this change was adding a tiny bit of mystery to the end of scene 25, which is also the end of chapter 5. Without explicitly telling the reader what's on Evan's mind, we want Evan to look at Maggie for a moment, at that point he decides that he's going to ask her to sleep over. So at the end of scene 25, let's insert a paragraph at the end or rewrite the end to have Evan send a quick text to Liz.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 5. Keep in mind, I want this to be mysterious to both the reader and Maggie. I like putting these little mysteries at the end of scenes to keep the reader hooked and wanting to read more.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 6. FYI: Although the reader won't know until later, Evan is texting Liz, asking her to bring some clothes for Maggie, letting Liz know that he's going to invite Maggie to stay the night. Not that it's relevant here, but Evan is not planning to sleep with Maggie. In a combination of not wanting to make the long drive to Maggie's house and back to his own after dropping her off, and genuinely wanting to spend more time with Maggie, he will in scene 26, invite her over. But unlike original version of the scenes, this scene 25, is the point at which Evan decides he's going invite Maggie. In the previous version, scene 26 is when Evan made the decision.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs26\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\cf1 With those notes in mind, rewrite the ending of scene 25.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 Current End:}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 Outside the office building, a warm breeze ruffled Maggie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hair. The promise of the evening ahead, a mix of laughter, art, and the deepening connection with Evan, chased away the memory of her aching feet. \u8220\'93Ready to take on the theater world?\u8221\'94 he asked, a grin playing on his lips.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Absolutely,\u8221\'94 Maggie replied, her smile matching his. \u8220\'93Just please try not to make me laugh too hard. My feet might not survive it}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\cf1 <!$Scr_Ps::0>}}