{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Bold;}{\f3\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red186\green124\blue93;\red0\green135\blue216;\red139\green93\blue0;\red0\green108\blue175;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0>[ This scene is meant to be a bit of a breather from previous intense scenes. It's pretty sparse as is. So fill the gaps with narrative of your choice, from little things like what Evan does to prepare his egg omelet for him and Maggie. Perhaps, even follow Maggie up to the guest bedroom bathroom where she brushes her hair and teeth. ]}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 [  Find ways to sneak in how Evan and Maggie are feeling from the night before. They don't have a conversation about it, but in their initial greeting, the look in their eyes and the tone of voice should help each other and the readers know that their first night of intimacy was a good one.  ]}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 [  Ultimately, in addition to the dialogue, through narrative I want the reader to understand that Maggie and Evan are in a comfortable spot. It's like there a couple already, which is what Evan wanted. No long dating process, just someone to have a relationship with. A relationship that is more than a friendship, but doesn't require true love to be enjoyed.  ]<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::1>Evan was an early riser and woke up before Maggie. Maggie is used to sleeping in on the weekends. Her restaurant shifts don't start until later in the day. Evan was in the kitchen pouring himself a glass of orange juice and preparing to make them both breakfast.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs26\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2>Evan <!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::3>(Smiling, elated to see Maggie):<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::4> "}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf5 Good morning! How are you feeling this morning?}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf5 "<!$Scr_Cs::4>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs26\b1\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2>Maggie<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs26\b0  }{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::3>(What's up to Evan and plant a simple kiss on his lips, she smiles):<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs26\b0   \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Wonderful! You?}{\f0\fs26\b0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::4>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 <!$Scr_Cs::4>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs26\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2>Evan <!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::3>(A sweet smile): <!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::4>"I feel incredible! Can I get you something to drink?"<!$Scr_Cs::4>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs26\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2>Maggie<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::3>(Maggie winked at Evan and grabbed his juice):<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0   }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::4>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94Orange juice sounds great!\u8221\'94 <!$Scr_Cs::4>}{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::3>(She playfully stole Evan's orange juice, took a sip and brought it with her to the dining room table.)<!$Scr_Cs::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sl120\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Enjoying Maggie's playfulness, he laughed and poured himself a fresh glass of orange juice. While he was pouring, then drinking his orange juice,  }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Maggie walked over to the dining room table where the clothes that Liz brought still remained from the evening before.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Wearing nothing underneath, Maggie unashamedly removed the pajama top she as wearing, and changed into the clothes Liz brought her, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93These fit great!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs26\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2>Evan <!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::3>(sincere and impressed): <!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::4>"}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf5 I love how comfortable you are after our first night together. Guido says when he sleeps with a woman for the first time, she usually darts to the bathroom first thing in the morning to brush her hair and put her makeup on.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::4>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs26\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2>Maggie<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::3>(a simple philosophy):<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0   }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::4>"Well, I figure you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve already seen the goods. And sooner or later, you are going to see what I really look like. So, why hide it?"<!$Scr_Cs::4>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs26\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2>Evan <!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::3>(Laughed, while being Impressed): <!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf7 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I love that attitude!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs26\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2>Maggie<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::3>:<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0   }{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf7 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I would like to brush my hair and teeth,\u8221\'94 }{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::3>(Maggie said as she headed upstairs to the guestroom where her purse was.)<!$Scr_Cs::3>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs26\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2>Evan <!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::3>(Excited about making Maggie breakfast): <!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf7 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll start breakfast while you do that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf7 Maggie returned about 10 minutes later and walked into the kitchen. She kissed Evan and asked, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What are you making?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs26\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2>Evan <!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::3>(Confused about why she asked what he was making, when she could see it with her eyes): <!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf7 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93An omelet.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs26\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2>Maggie<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::3>(Perplexed):<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0   }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::4>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That's not an omelet. That's a scramble disaster." <!$Scr_Cs::4>}{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::3>(Maggie grabbed the pan and dumped his concoction into the trash.)<!$Scr_Cs::3>}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs26\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2>Evan <!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::3>(Joked, Pretending to be offended): <!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf7 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hey! I thought you didn\u8217\'92t like to waste money. It may look bad, but it probably tasted good.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Maggie kissed Evan, A gesture of appreciation for his effort. }
\par\plain {\f2\fs26\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2>Maggie<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::3>(Appreciating the effort, but feeling it a crime against):<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0   }{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf7 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I do appreciate the effort, but food must look as good as it tastes. The first thing I learned how to cook was an omelet. Grab me those eggs, and I\u8217\'92ll show you how to make a great omelet.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <!$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::3>[ <!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f1\fs22\i1\cf4 I'm open on how to end this simple scene. But I'm thinking, maybe we should end up in Evan's mind. He definitely feels like a giant weight has been lifted off of his shoulders, at least for now. There is a certain amount of relief he felt from both letting go of Sarah, and the relief that comes from a superb date, followed by a satisfying evening of physical intimacy.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\i1\cf4 I also think, we should bring \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Love, Annually\u8221\'94 into this. In Evan's mind, today shows the positive aspects of his plan. He skip the dating process, although he's not in love with Maggie, he sees her as more than just a friend, and so far is proving that they can have a comfortable pleasant relationship without the need of true love. He feels a gentle satisfaction, not a ego triumph.}
\par\plain \f1\fs22\i1\cf4
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\i1\cf4 I'm open to other ideas, but those are my initial thoughts on how to end the scene.}{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::3> }
\par\plain {\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 ]<!$Scr_Cs::3><!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <!$Scr_Ps::5>}}