{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red0\green108\blue175;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs26\b1\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Saturday, October 25, 2014<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan was an early riser and woke up before Maggie. He was in the kitchen pouring himself a glass of orange juice when Maggie made her way into the adjacent family room.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::1>Evan said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Good morning! Liz stopped by and dropped off fresh clothing for you. She said, don\u8217\'92t worry about returning them. They don\u8217\'92t fit her anymore.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 Maggie unashamedly removed the shirt she had borrowed from Evan and put on the clothes provided by Liz. Maggie said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That was so sweet of her.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 Evan said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I like how comfortable you are after our first night together. Guido says when he sleeps with a woman for the first time, she usually darts to the bathroom first thing in the morning to brush her hair and put her makeup on.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, I figure you\u8217\'92ve already seen the goods. And sooner or later, you are going to see what I really look like. So, why hide it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 Evan laughed and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I love that attitude!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93However, I would like to brush my hair and teeth,\u8221\'94 Maggie said as she headed upstairs to the guestroom where her purse was.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll start breakfast while you do that,\u8221\'94 said Evan.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 Maggie returned about 10 minutes later and walked into the kitchen. She kissed Evan and asked, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What are you making?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93An omelet.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 After seeing what Evan called an omelet, Maggie grabbed the pan and dumped his concoction into the trash.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 Evan joked, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hey! I thought you didn\u8217\'92t like to waste money. It may look bad, but it probably tasted good.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 Maggie kissed Evan and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I do appreciate the effort, but food must look as good as it tastes. The first thing I learned how to cook was an omelet. Grab me those eggs, and I\u8217\'92ll show you how to make a great omelet.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Ps::1>}}