{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Bold;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red0\green149\blue223;\red170\green64\blue101;\red76\green76\blue76;\red208\green78\blue124;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\fi0\li0\lin0}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \sa60\sb240\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs32\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_H::2>Scene Profile: }{\f2\fs28\b1\i0 <$Scr_Cs::1>Scene #27: Maggie\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s Foot Massage<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Cs::1><!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sl120\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f2\fs28\b1\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Ps::2>Summary:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf6 Upon arriving at Evan\loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8217\'92s place, Maggie discovers thoughtful preparations for her comfort, including sleepwear and next-day clothes, all arranged by Evan through a secret text message to Liz. Among these, comfortable shoes await, a gentle reprieve from her discomfort. Evan\u8217\'92s tender care extends to soothing her sore feet, subtly suggesting his desire for a deeper connection. Their evening winds down with shared moments in front of the TV, culminating in a respectful parting to separate bedrooms, hinting at a burgeoning relationship.<!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sl168\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Ps::3>Leading Context:}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf6 In a previous scene, Evan discreetly texted Liz in Maggie's presence, brushing it off as insignificant when Maggie's curiosity piqued. Unbeknownst to Maggie and the readers until now, Evan had resolved to invite Maggie to stay overnight at his house after their indoor picnic but before attending the theater play. He reached out to Liz to request a favor: to bring over some clothes and comfortable shoes for Maggie, a task Liz gladly fulfilled. Despite Maggie's initial hesitations about moving too quickly, the last scene revealed her decision to spend the night at Evan's.<!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sl120\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf6
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Ps::3>Scene's Tone:}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf6 Romantic, tender, sweet, light humor..<!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sl120\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf6
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Ps::2>Setting:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 - Location:}{\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::5> Evan's home in Highland Park Illinois. <!$Scr_Cs::5>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 - Time:}{\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::5> 10:30pm<!$Scr_Cs::5>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 - Weather/Environment:}{\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::5> A crisp fall evening.<!$Scr_Cs::5><!$Scr_Ps::4><$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sl168\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 Characters Present:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 - Main Characters:}{\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::5> Evan, Maggie.<!$Scr_Cs::5><!$Scr_Ps::4><$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sl168\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf7
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 Character Emotional State:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::5>- }{\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf1 Evan}{\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 : Evan experiences a mix of gentle satisfaction and pleasant surprise as Maggie chooses to extend their evening together. This moment solidifies his inclination towards starting a year-long relationship with her, though he's on the cusp of making that commitment. His emotions oscillate between anticipation and cautious optimism as he navigates this pivotal night.}
\par\plain {\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf1   }
\par\plain {\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 - }{\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf1 Maggie}{\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 : Initially, Maggie's primary concern is the relief from her uncomfortable shoes. Her mood quickly shifts to playful banter with Evan over a casual question about her drink preference. However, the sight of a neatly arranged pile of clothes and shoes stirs a brief wave of apprehension, mistaking Evan's intentions as presumptuous. Yet, upon learning that the gesture was a spontaneous act of thoughtfulness, spurred by their successful picnic, her perspective softens. She's deeply moved by Evan's considerate planning and Liz's effort to ensure her comfort, gradually warming up to the idea of a tender romance blossoming between them. Evan's genuine care and attentiveness slowly dissolve her initial reservations, setting the stage for a night filled with hesitant yet burgeoning romance. Although this scene is and Evan's POV. I'll provide instructions later in the scene segment s to relax this rule and allow us in Maggie's head.<!$Scr_Cs::5><!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sl168\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf7
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Ps::2>POV:}{\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::5> Third person limited, deep (focusing on Evan)<!$Scr_Cs::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sl168\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf6
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 Dialogue Focus:}{\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::5> Heavy<!$Scr_Cs::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sl168\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 Use of Internal Dialogue:}{\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::5> Minimal<!$Scr_Cs::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sl168\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 Objectives/Goals:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::6>}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li576\fi-216\sa60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 We want the readers to sense that this relationship is indeed going to be Evan's first  \loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8220\'93Love, Annually\u8221\'94 relationship. Although the readers still must wait in anticipation what will happen as the evening progresses.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 We want the readers to feel Maggie's slow release of resistance and fear. Although we won't experience her full release until the next scene<!$Scr_Ps::6>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sl120\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf1  }
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Ps::2>Notes:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf6 This document is the Scene Profile and is meant to be used as a reference. Do not write the scene at this time.}
\par\plain {\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf6 <!$Scr_Ps::3>}}