{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}{\f3\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Bold;}{\f4\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Italic;}{\f5\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red186\green124\blue93;\red139\green93\blue0;\red0\green135\blue216;\red163\green101\blue209;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0>[  Start the scene with Evan anxiously waiting at the apartment's mailboxes located in a small entryway at the bottom of the stairs. He could hear the pitter patter of Laura's footsteps as she jetted down the stairs. }
\par\plain \f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 Either through dialogue or through narrative, have Laura ask why he is so late. Evan replying that he was only a few minutes late, but there should be some indication that he's just as excited and nervous as Laura. He actually left 1/2 an hour early, but was held up by holiday traffic.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 ]}
\par\plain \f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 [  The readers may wonder how the envelope got into Laura's hands as she passed by Maggie without Maggie noticing. Somewhere in the early part of the scene or in the following paragraph, reveal to the readers that Laura had tucked away the envelope in the back of her pants under her shirt. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 ]<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Laura's fingers trembled slightly as she slipped the scholarship envelope amidst the stack of mail. "I can't believe we're doing this," she whispered, clutching Evan's over her heart to feel it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s beat. "Is your heart pounding like a drumroll?"}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not sure. I think so!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Laura decided to check for herself. She placed her hand over Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s heart and said, \u8220\'93It is! I don\u8217\'92t think I\u8217\'92ve ever been this excited and scared at the same time.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 His voice held a newfound tremor that matched hers. "Me neither."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 He watched with a mixture of pride and apprehension as she subtly integrated the envelope into her stack. "I updated the website last night," he said, voice barely above a whisper.  If she seems suspicious, show her the website, and she\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ll get confirmation she is the official recipient. If we do get caught, don\u8217\'92t use our last-resort tactic until I give you the signal.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Laura nodded, a determined glint in her eye. "Got it! Now, look at us \endash  a pair of jittery messes! Let's get her to open that mail ASAP. If she sees us acting like this, our secret won't be safe for long."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 "Good idea!" Evan forced a smile that didn't quite reach his eyes. "Are you ready?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 "No," Laura confessed, the admission edged with a hint of desperation. "You?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 "Not a chance!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 They shared a quick, tense laugh before heading back upstairs. As Laura started to ascend, Evan gently caught her arm. She turned, a puzzled look on her face, and glimpsed the uncertainty in his eyes.}
\par\pard\plain \tx9000\sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\ul\ulc0 \~\tab }
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\ul\ulc0
\par\plain {\f3\fs26\b1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::2>(Expressing a moral uncertainty.):<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::3>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Are you sure were doing the right thing here, tricking Mark Maggie into accepting this money?\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::3>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs26\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Laura<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::2>(Knowing how Evan thinks, she attempts to reassure him in a way that will be effective):<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::3>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is this a legitimate scholarship?\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::3>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs26\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::2>(Puzzled look):<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::3>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::3>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs26\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Laura<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::2>(adding to her persuaiveness points):<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::3>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Did you establish a legitimate selection committee, me?\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::3>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs26\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::2>:<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::3>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::3>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs26\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Laura<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::2>(adding to her persuaiveness points):<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::3>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Did you open the application process to all eligible applicants?\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::3>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs26\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::2>:<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::3>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::3>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs26\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Laura<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::2>(attempting to reassure and pursuade):<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::3>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Look, Evan. Your great guy and I understand why you are struggling with this. But this is what's best for Maggie. \u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::3>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs26\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::2>(Interrupted):<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::3>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I know that. But maybe we should just be honest about the scholarship. Wouldn't that be a better idea?\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::3>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs26\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Laura<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::2>():<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::3>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sure! <!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::2>(she  paused) <!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::3>"if Maggie weren't so stubborn." <!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::2>(She gave a bit of a frustrated with Maggie look) <!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::3>"If we tell her the truth, there is a good chance she still going to reject the money, no matter how much you try to convince her."\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::3>}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs30\cf1 Evan nodded, recognizing}{\f0\fs24  Laura's perspective was probably true.}
\par\pard\plain \tx9000\sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs26\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Laura<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::2>(presenting the psotives):<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::3>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But if we pull this off, Maggie will accept the scholarship, and then, maybe, in the future, when the time feels right, we\u8217\'92ll tell her the truth. \u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::3>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs26\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::2>(Still not convinced, shaking his head):<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::3>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I just don't know about this.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::3>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs26\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Laura<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::2>(Confidently):<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::3>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I do! I have no doubts, zero, nada. This is going to change Maggie's life for the better. Sometimes you have to break the rules for good cause.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::3>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs26\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::2>(recalling Guido\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s advice):<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::3>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93My best friend said something like that once. He told me that feeling guilty about these types of things doesn't benefit anyone.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::3>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs26\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Laura<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::2>(seeing she almost have Evan\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s convinced):<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::3>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He was right! Let yourself off the hook. This is a great thing that's about to happen let's not spoil it with doubts.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::4>Laura's words in combination with Guido's advice from the recent past convince Evan that he was thinking more about himself than about Maggie this point. There was no turning back, and Laura had a point. Maggie's life was about to be transformed for the better. Guido's words reverberated in Evan's mind, }{\f4\fs26\i1\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::5>You're either all in or all out. <!$Scr_Cs::5>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan decided he was going to be "all in.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs26\b1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::2>(Evan's uncertain found turn upside down. Laura's reassurance worked) :<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::3>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well what are you doing just standing there? Let's get moving. On to the finale."<!$Scr_Cs::3><!$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \f0\fs26\b0\i0}