{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Maggie O\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92Shea savored the uncommon freedom of a Saturday night, her spirit lifted by the fall festival\u8217\'92s allure, thanks to Laura\u8217\'92s insistence. Laura, invariably the spotlight\u8217\'92s darling, always glowed with an effortful allure. Yet, Maggie, if she chose, could rival Laura\u8217\'92s radiance without much effort. This evening, however, Maggie\u8217\'92s attire was simple, reflecting her preference for comfort over spectacle\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a testament to her roots and a nod to her self-assuredness.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Amidst the downtown caf\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u233\'E9\u8217\'92s bustling ambiance, where the air hummed with the festival\u8217\'92s residual excitement, the two women found solace in their secluded outdoor nook. As they awaited their meal, the conversation took a turn toward the subject Maggie least wanted to navigate: her dating life\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 or the lack thereof.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Laura leaned in, her voice laced with a mix of worry and care, unable to mask her concern. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Maggie, you're missing out on so much. You don\u8217\'92t even try to date any more.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Maggie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s response was tinged with a jaded resignation that had become all too familiar. \u8220\'93Dating? With my schedule? Impossible.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Laura, undeterred and ever hopeful, pressed on, her words a gentle nudge. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s always room for a bit of fun. You\u8217\'92re working yourself to the bone.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Maggie shook her head, a faint smile betraying her appreciation for Laura\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s efforts, even as she rebuffed the notion. \u8220\'93Honestly, why bother? The online scene is a bust, and the one guy I actually liked left because I was too busy. It\u8217\'92s just too much hassle.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Laura, ever the optimist, sought a loophole in Maggie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s defenses. \u8220\'93Isn\u8217\'92t there someone from one of your jobs you could casually see?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 But Maggie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s reply came swift, a reflection of past trials. \u8220\'93Tried that. It was a complete mess.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Laura\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s persistence shone through, her plea infused with a blend of desperation and hope. \u8220\'93Surely, there\u8217\'92s got to be someone catching your eye, anywhere?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Laura's plea seemed to echo through the crowd, reaching ears beyond their own. A figure lingering just out of sight felt a strange jolt of recognition in her words.}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <!$Scr_Ps::0>}}