{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red186\green124\blue93;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 [  Scene #23: Maggie Walks to Evan\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s Office<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\ltrch\loch \f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \tab This scene is fairly short. Unlike the vast majority of my scenes, I can probably skip this scene without losing much value. But for the first draft of my novel, I decided to leave everything in and allow the trimming and cutting scenes to happen in later drafts. The primary objectives of this scene are as follows.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Pacing: A bit of a pacing and set up scene.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Character development:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0  - Maggie's decision to forgo a relatively inexpensive cab ride to save money, and instead walk 10 city blocks to meet Evan at his office, and quite uncomfortable shoes, illustrates just how money conscious she is.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0  - The fact that she's wearing these uncomfortable shoes and an outfit borrowed from Laura, indicates that attending a nice play in the city is not something she does regularly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 - For readers who are interested and familiar with downtown Chicago, they get a feel for where offices are located relative to the train station.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 With that in mind, rewrite the following scene. You are free to rewrite it completely or use parts as you like. I am not married to any part of the short scene. If you want to expand it, describe Maggie's painful experience walking to Evan's office, ending the scene when she gets there, I'm open to see what that would look like.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0>]<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Maggie switched shifts with a coworker to attend a play with Evan. After taking the Metra commuter train into downtown Chicago, Maggie debated whether to take a taxi or save money and walk the ten blocks to Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s office. Normally, a ten-block walk would pose no difficulty for Maggie.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 She borrowed an outfit from Laura, which included never-before worn designer heels. Maggie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s under-sized, practically new shoes were the reason for her hesitation to walk. Maggie opted to save the taxi fare and headed on foot toward The Vaughn Group\u8217\'92s office.}}