{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Small;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Small;}{\f3\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 ArialMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red31\green31\blue31;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs30\cf1 Sweat trickled beneath the unfamiliar tightness of Laura's dress. Blisters throbbed as she hobbled on. }
\par\plain \f1\fs30\cf1
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0 As she limped into the building's sleek lobby, Maggie vowed that the return trip would involve a taxi, no matter the cost.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 The unfamiliar tightness of Laura's dress chafed at her skin as she walked. With each step, a fresh wave of discomfort pulsed through her feet. As she limped into the building's sleek lobby, Maggie silently regretted not taking a taxi. If she could do it over again, the extra expense would be worth avoiding this painful walk home.}{ }
\par\plain {\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {I love this idea! Here's how I'd integrate the marathon metaphor into the scene:}
\par\plain {She could see Evan's office building in the distance, a beacon promising an end to her ordeal. With each faltering step, it loomed closer, like the welcome finish line of a grueling marathon. The scrape of her rented heels on the sidewalk seemed to echo the tightness of her dress. Laura had always prided herself on her sensible shoe collection, and tonight, she felt the full folly of her decision. The unfamiliar constriction of the dress chafed against her skin as she walked. With each step, a dull ache pulsed in her feet, a premonition of the soreness that would surely follow.}
\par\plain {A gust of wind lifted a strand of hair from her carefully styled updo, and she shivered slightly. The crispness of the Chicago fall was a stark contrast to the warmth she'd left behind in her apartment. As she entered the building's sleek lobby, Maggie silently regretted not taking a taxi. If she had a chance to do it again, the cost wouldn't be a factor. Evan would be waiting for her, ready to drive her home, but the sting of her aching feet and the pressure of the too-tight dress made the thought of the return journey seem daunting.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b1 Let me know if you'd like any other adjustments!}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b1 \hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 }
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs26\b1
\par\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa240\sb240\sl420\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Relief washed over her alongside a wave of sheepish regret as she limped into the building's sleek lobby. Maggie vowed that the return trip would involve a taxi, no matter the cost.}
\par\pard\plain \sa160\sl259\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch \f1\fs22\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa240\sb240\sl420\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch \f3\fs24\b0\i0\cf4
\par\plain \f3\fs24\b0\i0\cf4
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 At last, the familiar Vaughn Group logo came into view. Relief washed over her alongside a wave of sheepish regret. As she limped into the building's sleek lobby, Maggie vowed that the return trip would involve a taxi, no matter the cost.}
\par\pard\plain \sa160\sl259\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch \f1\fs22\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs22\b0\i0}