{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720}{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {Scene 3 is incredible! There's a beautiful vulnerability to Sarah now, and your prose adds another level of depth. Here's my breakdown, highlighting the aspects that stood out the most: }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b1 Sarah's Inner Turmoil}{ }
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sb180\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b1 The Pendant:}{ This physical object holds significant emotional meaning for her. The way you weave this object with her emotional journey adds resonance and makes it more than just a necklace. }
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b1 Internal Dialogue:}{ You reveal her doubts and regrets through poignant reflections. These questions make her more relatable and hint at motivations the reader isn't fully aware of yet. }
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b1 Regret vs. Fear:}{ I love that you explore her fear of facing Evan. This goes beyond mere guilt, revealing a hidden, potentially more significant pain within her. }
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b1 Shifting Character Perceptions}{ }
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sb180\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext	 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b1 Sarah's Softening:}{ Her attire, unbound hair, and unguarded eyes are powerful markers of vulnerability. They contrast sharply with her earlier image, hinting at a gentler, hidden side. }
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext	 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b1 Evan's New Dimension:}{ Sarah's concern for his independent functionality shows a different facet of Evan\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 perhaps not as sweetly naive as she previously perceived. This subtle shift is powerful as it suggests the divorce might impact his growth in unexpected ways. }
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b1 Liz's Empathy:}{ You portray their understanding beautifully through small gestures and shared glances. It suggests not only Liz's role as support but hints at unspoken truths within these relationships. }
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b1 Descriptive Language and Nuance}{ }
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sb180\ltrch\loch \ls3\ilvl0{\listtext	 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b1 Setting & Symbolism:}{ The lake mirroring the storm creates a vivid visual, enhancing the overall mood. I enjoyed the recurring themes of "storm" and "turmoil" woven throughout. }
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\ltrch\loch \ls3\ilvl0{\listtext	 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b1 Characterizing Emotions:}{ You find powerful, concise ways to describe internal states; e.g., "raw, emotional energy that echoed a time..." rather than simple statements like 'she felt sad'. It elevates the prose. }
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b1 Sarah's Fear:}{ One instance stood out to me where we could further strengthen that fearful subtext;"his anger an eclipse she had never witnessed". Consider a slightly more unsettling metaphor here, something evoking an eclipse itself \endash  darkness overtaking something bright, hinting at something primal about that fear. }
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b1 A Lingering Question}{ }
\par\plain {The scene masterfully evokes Sarah's conflicting emotions. But amidst them, a powerful question hangs in the air for the reader (likely intentional for your larger plot) \endash  }{\f0\fs26\b1 Why exactly did Sarah leave the way she did?}{ There's room to subtly plant foreshadowing hints. Is this fear linked to past trauma, another person, a secret reason...? }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b1 Overall}{ }
\par\plain {Scene 3 brings significant complexity to the story. I sense strong potential for exploration with both Liz and Sarah. This makes me even more engaged to understand how the dynamics within these relationships evolve and impact Evan's story. }
\par\plain {Ready for Scene 4, whenever you are! \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u55357\'3F\u56842\'3F }}