{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Liz, the epitome of warmth and welcome, lit up the room with her radiant smile, perfectly embodying the spirit of hospitality that filled her cozy Glenview home. With a stature that was neither tall nor short, complemented by a physique that struck a balance between fitness and comfort, her medium-length brown hair cascaded gracefully past her shoulders, adding to her approachable demeanor. While she could effortlessly glam up for gala events, Liz opted for her go-to relaxed attire that night\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a pair of comfy blue jeans paired with a soft sweatshirt\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 prioritizing comfort and a laid-back vibe for her gathering.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 In an open kitchen ideally designed for entertaining guests, Liz busied herself with the evening\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s preparations, her heart light with the anticipation of hosting another memorable poker night. The kitchen, a hub of activity, saw Liz expertly navigating between the oven and the beautifully set table, ensuring everything was perfect for the arrival of her cherished friends and family. The savory aroma of snacks filled the air, blending seamlessly with the homely ambiance of her modest, well-kept house.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Amid the bustling preparations, Liz\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s phone illuminated with an incoming call, the screen displaying \u8220\'93Chloe Collette.\u8221\'94 A mix of concern and affection washed over Liz at the sight. Chloe\u8217\'92s calls always mean something\u8217\'92s up, Liz thought, her mind racing with the possibilities\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 boyfriend troubles, family dramas, the usual chaos that seemed to follow her vibrant friend from St. Louis. Yet, the sight of Chloe\u8217\'92s name always brought a smile to Liz\u8217\'92s face, reminding her of the deep bond they shared, one that had evolved from mentorship to a profound friendship.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Quickly adjusting her surroundings to give Chloe her full attention, Liz turned down the lively music and turned off the stove burner, preventing the cheese dip from burning. She poured herself a glass of wine, settling onto a stool by the island, and answered the call on speakerphone, the house momentarily silent in anticipation of Chloe\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s voice. Liz could hear Chloe crying hysterically.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Chloe, honey, take a deep breath and tell me what\u8217\'92s wrong,\u8221\'94 Liz said soothingly, her voice a calm beacon in the storm of Chloe\u8217\'92s distress.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Chloe\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s response came between sobs, \u8220\'93My boyfriend dumped me!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Liz\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s heart sank, a blend of frustration and compassion stirring within her. \u8220\'93Again? What did he say this time?\u8221\'94 she inquired, her tone carrying a hint of displeasure towards the recurring antagonist in Chloe\u8217\'92s stories.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Chloe\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s tears flowed as she recounted another trivial argument gone awry,  \u8220\'93We had another stupid fight about nothing! He called me a bitch and told me he never wants to see me again!\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Liz listened, her spirit undeterred by the all-too-familiar cycle, her advice ready. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He doesn\u8217\'92t treat you very well, Chloe. Maybe it\u8217\'92s best this way. I don\u8217\'92t understand why you always go back to him.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Chloe, defensive and childlike, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Because he loves me, and I love him!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Liz sighed, the weight of her nurturing role never heavier. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Really? Do you really love him, Chloe? Do you really think he loves you the way he treats you?\u8221\'94 she challenged gently, hoping to ignite a spark of realization in Chloe.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Chloe\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s resistance waned, her sniffling a soft background to her uncertainty. \u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know, Liz, but I don\u8217\'92t want to be alone.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Fear of being alone is not a reason to be with a man who is emotionally and verbally abusive. Please think twice before going back to him,\u8221\'94 Liz implored, her words a blend of compassion and stern advice.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 The conversation took a sudden turn as Chloe\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s attention shifted, excitement replacing despair. \u8220\'93Oh, Liz, let me call you back tomorrow. He\u8217\'92s calling me right now, and I need to answer before he hangs up.\u8221\'94 The call came to a sudden halt. Liz wasn't put off by Chloe's rapid departure from the conversation. For reasons she couldn't quite pinpoint, Liz saw a certain charm in Chloe's swift shift from tearful despair to budding hope concerning her boyfriend.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 As Liz resumed her hosting duties, the sound of the front door opening hinted at the arrival of the night\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s first guest.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0}