{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Sunlight streamed through the kitchen window, casting a warm glow over Evan as he hummed a nameless tune and whisked up eggs in a bowl. His earlier anxieties had vanished in the calm contentment of the morning. After a year and a half, this was his first morning waking up beside a woman \endash  not with the ache of loss and loneliness, but with a quiet sense of ease.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 A soft noise drew his attention to the doorway. Maggie stood there, sleep still clinging to the edges of her smile, Her flannel `pajama top clinging to her curves. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Good morning! How are you feeling this morning?\u8221\'94 Evan asked, affection flooding his voice.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Maggie stretched, a soft yawn escaping her lips, then sauntered towards him and planted a kiss on his cheek. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Wonderful! You?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 His grin widened. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Incredible! Can I get you something to drink?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Maggie winked and stole his glass. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Perfect!\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan chuckled at Maggie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s spirited antics, filling another glass with orange juice. As he savored his drink, Maggie strolled over to the dining room table, where Liz\u8217\'92s thoughtful ensemble of clothes from the previous night still lay.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan watched, amusement crinkling his eyes as she unashamedly removed her pajama top, wearing nothing underneath. Her casual confidence ignited a soft light inside him, diverging from desire, echoing sentiments of genuine affection. She slipped on the sweatpants and held up the sweatshirt before trying it on. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Liz has good taste!\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I love how comfortable you are after our first night together,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93Guido says when he sleeps with a woman for the first time, she usually darts to the bathroom first thing in the morning to brush her hair and put her makeup on.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, I figure you\u8217\'92ve already seen the goods, no point in hiding anything,\u8221\'94 she replied, a mischievous glint in her eyes. She pulled on Liz\u8217\'92s soft sweater. When her head had emerged she paused, looking straight at Evan. A cute, slightly goofy smile spread across her makeup-free face. \u8220\'93Here I am. What you see is what you get! If you don\u8217\'92t like it, now\u8217\'92s the time to bail.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s chuckle was genuine. \u8220\'93I love that attitude! And trust me, I have absolutely zero complaints about what I see.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 A teasing smile played on Maggie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s lips. \u8220\'93Always happy to please. I\u8217\'92m gonna go upstairs to brush my teeth. I\u8217\'92ll be back in a few.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll start breakfast while you do that,\u8221\'94 Evan said, the idea of playing the role of doting boyfriend filling him with unexpected satisfaction.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 A few minutes later, Maggie returned, a hint of rose in her cheeks. She kissed him lightly and peered over his shoulder. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What are you making?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 His heart gave a funny little skip as her breath brushed against his neck. He gestured towards the pan where a lumpy, slightly overcooked concoction resided. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93An omelet,\u8221\'94 he said, unable to hide a note of pride.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Maggie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s gaze was incredulous. \u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s not an omelet. That\u8217\'92s a scrambled disaster.\u8221\'94 Before he could protest, she\u8217\'92d scooped his creation into the trash.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan feigned offense. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hey! I thought you didn\u8217\'92t like to waste money. It may look bad, but it probably tasted good.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Maggie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s answering kiss was a playful apology. \u8220\'93I do appreciate the effort,\u8221\'94 she said, sincerity in her eyes, \u8220\'93but food must look as good as it tastes. The first thing I learned how to cook was an omelet. Grab me those eggs, and I\u8217\'92ll show you how to make a great omelet.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Maggie moved around the kitchen with graceful efficiency. A wave of relief washed over Evan as he leaned against the counter. Last night had been... good. Comfortable. Everything he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d wanted, even if the earth hadn\u8217\'92t exactly moved. And this morning? Easy. Natural. Proof that his year-long relationship plan might actually work. A year of companionship, of building a genuine connection without a true love requirement. It could be great for both himself and Maggie.<!$Scr_Ps::0>}}