{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red186\green124\blue93;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26 <$Scr_Ps::0>It was a cold mid-November day in Chicagoland, a brisk wind announcing that winter was arriving early this year. Liz gripped the steering wheel, knuckles white against the faded leather. Every mile closer to Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s house felt like a weight added to her chest. The clinic\u8217\'92s sterile verdict echoed in her mind \endash  negative. All that hope, all that effort, reduced to a single, devastating word. A hot tear escaped, tracing a path down her cheek before she angrily swiped it away. She needed to be strong for Evan. He was dealing with his own struggles, the familiar, inexplicable exhaustion that dragged at him like an anchor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 While Chloe\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s unscheduled calls often arrived with a flurry of manufactured drama, Liz\u8217\'92s heart always skipped a beat when her best friend\u8217\'92s name flashed on the screen. But today, with her own pain a crushing weight, she wasn\u8217\'92t sure she could muster up the energy to field whatever crisis Chloe had cooked up this time. Yet, a deep yearning for connection, for even the echo of Chloe\u8217\'92s effervescent spirit, made her hand hover over the answer button. She cleared her throat and hit answer, attempting her usual playful tone.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So, what\u8217\'92s the latest drama, Chloe? Boyfriend problems again?\u8221\'94 Even to her own ears, the lightness sounded forced.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Always,\u8221\'94 Chloe\u8217\'92s familiar giggle came through. \u8220\'93And Rebecca is driving me crazy as usual, but that\u8217\'92s not why I called. Liz...I just had this feeling...like I needed to check in.\u8221\'94 Chloe paused, her voice softening. \u8220\'93Is everything okay?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 Liz\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s attempt at composure began to fray. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m fine. Just driving over to help a friend who\u8217\'92s not feeling well.\u8221\'94 Despite her best efforts, a hint of sadness crept into her voice, a subtle tremor that likely wouldn\u8217\'92t be detected by anyone but Chloe.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 Liz always respected Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s intensely private nature, even though she often wished he\u8217\'92d open up more. This was why she used the generic term \u8220\'93friend\u8221\'94 \endash  even with someone as close as Chloe, discussing Evan\u8217\'92s health struggles felt like a betrayal of his trust.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 Chloe\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s sharp intuition cut through any pretense. \u8220\'93Liz,\u8221\'94 her tone was gentle, yet insistent, \u8220\'93I know there\u8217\'92s more to it than that. I can feel your pain all the way from St. Louis. Please, talk to me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 The dam broke. Sobs wracked Liz\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s body, a release of pent-up pain and disappointment too heavy to bear alone. While she encouraged honesty and emotional vulnerability in others, she rarely practiced it herself. Sparing those she cared about from her own burdens was a reflex, but with Chloe, there was no point. \u8220\'93The IVF,\u8221\'94 she choked out, \u8220\'93It didn\u8217\'92t work. It failed. I\u8217\'92m never going to be a mom!\u8221\'94 And then, a different kind of surge \endash  an overwhelming wave of gratitude. \u8220\'93Chloe, how do you always know when something\u8217\'92s wrong? I love you so much.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 Chloe\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s voice trembled in response, mirroring Liz\u8217\'92s heartache. \u8220\'93I love you too. Liz, don\u8217\'92t give up. You\u8217\'92re going to be a mom someday; I just know it! I wish I could be there, give you the biggest hug ever.\u8221\'94 Liz\u8217\'92s tears brought Chloe\u8217\'92s own, their shared grief flowing like a river, binding them in a sisterhood strong as steel.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 As the initial wave of sorrow ebbed, they soothed each other with whispered reassurances of care, longing, and reminders of their unshakable connection. Then, as Liz pulled into Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s driveway, an inspiring idea emerged.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hey, why don\u8217\'92t you fly up here? I\u8217\'92ll buy your ticket!\u8221\'94 Liz\u8217\'92s voice held a tentative hope.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 Chloe sighed, a mix of longing and resignation. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You know I wish I could. I haven\u8217\'92t seen you in forever. Between my boyfriend, Mr. Jealousy, my babysitting duties for my niece and nephew, and work\u8230\'85it\u8217\'92s just impossible. But hey, what about you coming down here? A girls-only weekend would do you good. We could find a babysitter for the kids \endash  Rebecca needs a break. We could drink wine to our hearts\u8217\'92 content.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 The thought of escaping to Chloe and Rebecca\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s chaotic yet energizing world offered a glimmer of light. \u8220\'93That would be wonderful,\u8221\'94 Liz admitted, \u8220\'93The thing is\u8230\'85being a business owner now, it\u8217\'92s hard to get away. Let me see what I can do, though.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 The conversation ended on a note of possibility. Liz felt lighter, the weight of her pain eased by sharing it with Chloe. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m at my friend\u8217\'92s house now. Gotta go,\u8221\'94 she said, her voice steadier. A final exchange of \u8220\'93love yous\u8221\'94, and the call ended, leaving Liz with a bittersweet mix of gratitude and longing to see the friend who was more like the little sister she never had, always sensing when she was needed most.<!$Scr_Ps::0>}}