{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Liz came back with a notebook and pen, her face showing she meant business. She was ready to back Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s wild idea, but she was going to make sure they did it her way.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Liz, half rolling her eyes but serious, said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Evan, I gotta say, I think this whole thing is nuts. But I can see you\u8217\'92re dead set on it. If you want me in your corner, we\u8217\'92re gonna need some ground rules to keep you and any lady you rope into this safe. I\u8217\'92m only on board if you promise to follow the rules we lay out, okay?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan, practically bouncing with enthusiasm, shot up and wrapped Liz in a side hug, planting a firm, playful brotherly smooch on her cheek. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You got it! Thanks a bunch, Liz! You\u8217\'92re the best!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Liz, ready to take charge, chimed in, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92ve got some smart cookies here tonight. Let\u8217\'92s put our heads together and come up with a few guidelines. I\u8217\'92ll kick things off. Just so you know, I\u8217\'92m only going along with this because I\u8217\'92m betting if you actually fall for someone, you won\u8217\'92t want to split after just a year.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Liz, with a slight shake of her head and a soft sigh, seemed to be trying to convince herself more than anyone else. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I suppose, if you\u8217\'92re not in love with the woman, a breakup would be inevitable anyway,\u8221\'94 she said, trying to find a silver lining.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Taking charge with an air of authority, her voice firm yet open to collaboration. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So, here\u8217\'92s the deal\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Rule #1: As you\u8217\'92ve already hinted, be the partner she deserves, full of care and attention, from start to finish. Rule #2: Once you\u8217\'92re in, you\u8217\'92re in for a year, no backing out, even if she\u8217\'92s not the dream girl you hoped for. You\u8217\'92ve got to be Mr. Perfect, no matter what. And Rule #3,\u8221\'94 she paused for effect, \u8220\'93you can\u8217\'92t break it off or push her away, unless, you know, she presents some sort of danger. We\u8217\'92re doing this to ensure you think long and hard before diving in. These are the ground rules, non-debatable. Who\u8217\'92s up for adding more?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Joe, eager to contribute and perhaps a tad keen to impress Liz, was the first to volunteer. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll go,\u8221\'94 he said, raising his hand. \u8220\'93There may be hard feelings after the breakup. I think it\u8217\'92s a good idea you don\u8217\'92t date anyone who lives too close to this area. You don\u8217\'92t want to run into her at the grocery store or some restaurant after the relationship ends.\u8221\'94 He leaned back, nodding at his own logic. \u8220\'93Rule #4 should be that she lives at least 45 minutes away in light traffic.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Liz nodded, scribbling away. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Excellent thought, Joe. Evan, you cool with that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s enthusiasm was unmistakable. \u8220\'93Absolutely!\u8221\'94 he chimed in, his spirits lifted. The rules, far from being restrictions, sparked a sense of adventure and caution in him, a balance he hadn\u8217\'92t realized he needed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Alicia\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s voice carrying both concern and authority. \u8220\'93Evan, you know how easily you get attached to children, and I think children should not be involved in this. Rule #5 should be to exclude single mothers as potential relationship partners.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan nodded, his expression one of genuine gratitude. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Good point! I hadn\u8217\'92t even thought about that. You\u8217\'92re so right, Alicia. Thank you,\u8221\'94 he said, acknowledging the wisdom in her words.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Alicia nodded, pleased with Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s understanding, and turned her attention to the next in line. \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re welcome, Evan. Abe, do you have anything to add?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Abe, who had been quietly observing the discussion, finally spoke up. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not sure if this is more than one rule, but you cannot treat this as a normal relationship. Typically, you\u8217\'92d integrate into her friends and family circle and vice versa. You would be putting us in a tough position if she joined our inner circle. And the closer you get to her friends and family, which may include young children, the more heartache there will be when the relationship ends. I would say rule #6 should be you limit your exposure to her inner circle and limit her exposure to us.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Liz, reflecting on her brother\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s tender heart towards children and their own family\u8217\'92s past, added her thoughts. \u8220\'93Evan, it\u8217\'92s important that you adhere to these rules regarding children. Not just for their benefit but for yours. I know how much you love children. If you entered a relationship with a woman who had children, I worry you would stay with her even if you didn\u8217\'92t love her, just to protect the children from the pain a breakup would cause. I never want you to settle for anything but true love.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan, feeling a surge of gratitude towards his tight-knit group, chimed in with genuine warmth. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Big thanks to you, Abe. Liz, this rule-making session\u8217\'92s brilliant. Saved me from a total faceplant. Guido, your turn\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 lay it on us,\u8221\'94 he said, leaning back, a spark of mischief in his eyes, awaiting Guido\u8217\'92s unpredictable contribution.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Guido, usually the life of any gathering with his humor and antics, approached the topic with an unexpected seriousness, a testament to the gravity Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s plan held for him. \u8220\'93Liz made it pretty tough on you with those first three rules. I\u8217\'92d be terrified to make any commitment where I was stuck for a year if I didn\u8217\'92t like the girl. I think there should be a time limit, so you don\u8217\'92t drag the girl along indefinitely. Rule #7 should be if you\u8217\'92re not ready to commit to your year together after four weeks of dating, you end the relationship at that time. Fish or cut bait, buddy.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Liz\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s approval was swift and sincere. \u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s actually a solid idea, Guido,\u8221\'94 she acknowledged, her words drawing a modest grin from Guido\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a rare departure from his usual overconfident smirk.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan, rubbing his chin thoughtfully, weighed in. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But what if I\u8217\'92m ready to commit before the month\u8217\'92s up?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Guido, surprising even himself with the depth of his contributions, clarified his thought. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You can start a relationship whenever you want, as long as you\u8217\'92re willing to follow Liz\u8217\'92s other rules. That gives me an idea for another rule. Unless you want to turn into someone like me, I think rule #8 should be if you sleep with them at any time in the first four weeks, then your year starts at that moment. This way, you don\u8217\'92t end up in a series of one-night stands.\u8221\'94 His words carried a blend of jest and wisdom, indicative of his complex personality that often hid behind a facade of humor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan nodded, his expression earnest. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m on board with that. If things get intimate, the year-long commitment begins.\u8221\'94 His agreement was punctuated with a resolve that mirrored his desire to distance himself from Guido\u8217\'92s cavalier approach to relationships, aiming instead for something more meaningful and sustained.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Alicia, putting herself in the shoes of a woman who might end up getting hurt by Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s plan, raised a new point. \u8220\'93We gotta think about how tough this is gonna be for her. If you\u8217\'92re relationship is going great and then suddenly it\u8217\'92s over, that\u8217\'92s gonna hit hard. How about planning the breakup for the Friday after your year\u8217\'92s up, so she\u8217\'92s got the weekend to start getting over it? But really, the key here is being flexible. If she\u8217\'92s got something big coming up, you wait it out. Break it off when it\u8217\'92s gonna be the least rough on her,\u8221\'94 she suggested, her voice full of concern.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Liz, immediately seeing the wisdom in Alicia\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s idea, agreed. \u8220\'93Being able to pick the right time to end things, that\u8217\'92s crucial. Evan, you\u8217\'92ve gotta be as gentle as you can when it\u8217\'92s time to say goodbye. Let\u8217\'92s call that rule number nine. And for the last rule,\u8221\'94 Liz added, her tone softening, \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m really hoping you fall for the first girl you try this with. But if things don\u8217\'92t work out, you should take a break before seeing someone new. How about a two-month gap before you start dating again? That\u8217\'92s rule number ten.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan was all smiles, grateful for the feedback and the brainstorming. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Thanks a ton, everyone. This talk\u8217\'92s been a real eye-opener. I\u8217\'92m ready to give this a shot with these rules backing me up,\u8221\'94 he said, his voice full of optimism.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Liz looked around, her expression softening as she took in the faces of her friends and family. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hey, everyone, big thanks for helping out with this. It means a lot, really.\u8221\'94 She shot Evan a playful yet stern look. \u8220\'93And Evan, just so we\u8217\'92re clear, I\u8217\'92m only backing you on this if you follow our rules to the T. Slip up, and you\u8217\'92re flying solo, got it?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes twinkled with a mix of amusement and respect.  \u8220\'93Your the boss!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Liz gave a light chuckle, easing the seriousness of her warning. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Okay, I\u8217\'92ll get these rules all neat and hand copies of them out to everyone before the night ends. Go ahead start the poker game without me. I\u8217\'92ve got a bit of work to finish up here.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Ps::0>}}