{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red186\green124\blue93;\red139\green93\blue0;\red0\green135\blue216;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0>[ We will open the scene with Liz composing herself after an emotionally intense drive to Evan\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s house. She doesn\u8217\'92t plan to tell Evan that her IVF procedure failed until he\u8217\'92s recovered from his energy drop episode. When Evan knows Liz is coming over, he leaves the door unlocked, so Liz walks right in.}
\par\plain \f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 She sees Evan leaning back on his recliner, watching a hockey game. However, unlike his usual energetic self, especially when watching his favorite team, the Chicago Blackhawks play, Evan is staring somewhat blank-faced at the TV.}
\par\plain \f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 Liz sits down on the perpendicular to the recliner and the dialogue begins.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 ]}
\par\plain \f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4
\par\plain \f2\fs22\b1\i0\cf5
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Liz<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4  }{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::2>()<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 : }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::3>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You don\u8217\'92t look so good Evan, how are you feeling.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::3>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4  }{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::2>()<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 : }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::3>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Just feeling a little rundown, that\u8217\'92s all. Nothing to worry about.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::3>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Liz<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4  }{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::2>()<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 : }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::3>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s been almost a year since your last energy-drop episode, I was hoping maybe they were gone for good.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::3>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4  }{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::2>()<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 : }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::3>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Me to. It\u8217\'92s my own fault, I haven\u8217\'92t been getting as much rest as I should. I know better.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::3>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Liz<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4  }{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::2>()<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 : }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::3>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I really wish you would see a specialist, Evan.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::3>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4  }{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::2>()<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 : }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::3>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Can we please not talk about this again? We made an agreement. I do extremely thorough physical every year, and if I don\u8217\'92t get a clean bill of health, I\u8217\'92ll consider seeing a specialist. I take good care of myself, and the physicals never indicate any problems.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::3>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Liz<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4  }{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::2>()<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 : }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::3>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I know. But specialist might be able to catch something, that the physicals miss.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::3>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4  }{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::2>()<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 : }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::3>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You know how to feel about doctors, especially specialists. They\u8217\'92ll manufacture some sort of diagnosis that requires me to take some kind of medicine they prescribed. They get kickbacks from the pharmaceutical companies you know. You know how I feel about taking pharmaceutical drugs for any prolonged like the time. Even the helpful ones, are toxic.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx9000\sa120\sb120\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs22\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4 \~\tab }
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\ltrch\loch \f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sl120\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 [ }{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 Liz starts to rebut Evan\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92s argument, but she\u8217\'92s been through this conversation more times than she can count, and she did agree to Evan\u8217\'92s compromise, so she stopped herself as she\u8217\'92s about to respond and changes the subject. }{\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 ]}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sl120\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f2\fs22\b1\i0\cf5
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Liz<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4  }{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::2>(Concerned)<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 : }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::3>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93When\u8217\'92s the last time you had anything to eat?\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::3>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4  }{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::2>(Being honest, but knowing Liz what it like the answer)<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 : }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::3>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I had a protein shake this morning.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::3>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Liz<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4  }{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::2>(Helpful as always)<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 : }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::3>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Let me cook you something. What do you have a taste for?\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::3>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4  }{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::2>(Evan was actually starving, but didn\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92t have enough energy to make himself anything. Nostalgia flow to him causing a smile upon his still weakened face.)<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 : }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::3>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re going to laugh. I miss those wonderful fried baloney sandwiches used to make me when I had these episodes when we were kids. I have everything you need in the kitchen.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::3>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Liz<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4  }{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::2>(A bit of warmth and nostalgia in her smile)<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 : }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::3>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Honestly, I miss those too. Don\u8217\'92t tell anybody, but I love them as much as you. A glass of milk to go with?\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::3>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4  }{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::2>(Evan\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92s energy began to pick up.)<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 : }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::3>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Of course.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::3>}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 <!$Scr_Ps::0>}}