{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red130\green49\blue77;\red170\green64\blue101;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs26\b0\i0\fi-480\li960\lin960}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\f4\fs26\b1\i0\fi-480\li960\lin960}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs26\b0\i0\fi-480\li960\lin960}{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs26\b0\i0\fi-480\li960\lin960}{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs26\b0\i0\fi-480\li960\lin960}{\listname ;}\listid5}
{\list\listtemplateid6\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f4\fs26\b1\i0\fi-480\li960\lin960}{\listname ;}\listid6}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}{\listoverride\listid6\listoverridecount0\ls6}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_H::2>Agenda Item 1: }
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\i0\cf4 Foreshadowing and Character Introduction Strategies in 'Love, Annually'<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch \f2\fs22\b1\i0\cf5
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i1\cf5 Concerns and Observations:<!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 In my initial draft of 'Love, Annually,' I noticed a tendency for 'information overload' in the early chapters. The introduction of multiple characters and subplots, especially the larger-than-life character of Chloe, led to excessive exposition.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 There's a significant delay before Chloe, the true heroine, enters the story.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 The subplot of Liz's infertility and the introduction of Evan's dating plan, along with several new characters at a poker party, present a lot of information at once, potentially overwhelming readers.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i1\cf5 <$Scr_Ps::1>Proposed Solutions:<!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext	\f4\fs26\b1\i0 1.	}{\f4\fs26\b1\i0 Early Introduction of Chloe}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 : }
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \ls3\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Plan to implement early mentions of Chloe in the narrative through conversations or brief scenes. }
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Objective: To build intrigue and anticipation around her character before her physical entrance into the story. This strategy aims to give readers a taste of her personality, fostering curiosity about her eventual role in the plot.}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext	\f4\fs26\b1\i0 2.	}{\f4\fs26\b1\i0 Balancing Chloe's Character Introduction}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 : }
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \ls4\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Gradually introduce aspects of Chloe's character and backstory in the early parts of the book. }
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Goal: To prevent information overload upon her direct introduction. This approach will distribute the details of Chloe's character across several scenes, ensuring her entrance is both impactful and digestible for the reader.}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext	\f4\fs26\b1\i0 3.	}{\f4\fs26\b1\i0 Foreshadowing Liz\loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8217\'92s Infertility Subplot}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 : }
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \ls5\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Plan to use interactions between Chloe and Liz to introduce the theme of Liz\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s infertility subtly.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Purpose: To reveal Chloe's nurturing side early in the story and to set up Liz\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s significant subplot. This strategy aims to create depth in their characters and establish a connection between their personal challenges and the main narrative arc.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Ps::1><!$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_H::2>Agenda Item 2: }
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\i0\cf4 Rethinking Flashback Scenes Prior to Chloe's Introduction<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \ls6\ilvl0{\listtext	\f4\fs26\b1\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f4\fs26\b1\i0 Discussion Point}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 : Consider the impact of removing all flashback scenes before Chloe's entry into the narrative, especially in the first chapter.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f4\fs26\b1\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f4\fs26\b1\i0 First Kiss Flashback}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 : Explore the idea of initially omitting the detailed flashback of Sarah and Evan's first kiss during the divorce scene.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f4\fs26\b1\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f4\fs26\b1\i0 Organic References}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 : Discuss the potential of referencing the first kiss and the pendant Evan gave Sarah on their first date organically in conversations throughout the book to maintain a sense of mystery.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f4\fs26\b1\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f4\fs26\b1\i0 Narrative Impact}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 : Consider how delaying the flashback to later in the book might enhance emotional connection and character development, and improve narrative flow.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f4\fs26\b1\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f4\fs26\b1\i0 Execution Strategy}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 : Discuss strategies for effectively weaving in references to the first kiss, ensuring they are intriguing and maintain reader engagement without causing confusion.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \line \line }}