{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs26\b0\fi-360\li720\lin720}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs26\b0\fi-360\li720\lin720}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b1 Custom Instructions for Crafting Scenes:}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b1 Retain Dialogue Verbatim:}{\f0\fs26\b0  Always include provided dialogue exactly as written. Each line is crucial for character integrity and narrative flow.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b1 Complete Dialogue Inclusion:}{\f0\fs26\b0  Ensure no lines of dialogue are omitted to maintain narrative continuity.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b1 Narrative and Tags:}{\f0\fs26\b0  Surround dialogue with action tags, dialogue tags, and narrative enhancements. Use provided instructions (in brackets/parentheses) for specific actions or descriptions.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b1 Narrative Flexibility:}{\f0\fs26\b0  Feel free to modify, delete, or add to provided narrative paragraphs, aiming for a polished and engaging narrative.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b1 Past Tense and Immersion:}{\f0\fs26\b0  Write scenes in simple past tense. Avoid breaking immersion with meta-references to the writing process or authorship.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b1 Internal Dialogue:}{\f0\fs26\b0  Present characters' thoughts using italics for clarity.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b1 Dialogue Convention:}{\f0\fs26\b0  Follow standard conventions, starting a new paragraph with each speaker change.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b1 Publication-Ready Format:}{\f0\fs26\b0  Produce scenes suitable for publication in a fictional novel, adhering to narrative structure and character development standards. Exclude dialogue markers ("Evan:"), embedded instructions, bullet points, and the word "palpable."}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b1 Example for Scene Enhancement:}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b1 Before:}{\f0\fs26\b0  Provide basic scene setup and dialogue.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b1 After:}{\f0\fs26\b0  Enhance with detailed narrative, emotional depth, and contextual action tags.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b1 [Example details of transformation, demonstrating the shift from a basic dialogue exchange to an enriched, descriptive narrative.]}}