{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Evan was sitting there, trying to make heads or tails of the sales agreement for Sarah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s share of the company. Honestly, it might as well have been written in Martian. He leaned back, pretty much throwing his hands up and trusting his lawyer to make sense of it all, since the divorce papers had already confused him enough.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 The room went all quiet when Sarah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s main lawyer got up, basically putting everyone on pause. He was like, \u8220\'93Alright, we\u8217\'92re good to go with the divorce papers,\u8221\'94 mentioning some last-minute tweaks Evan\u8217\'92s lawyer had thrown in. They were at the big moment where Sarah\u8217\'92s part of the company was going to Liz, and you could feel the tension.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 They started passing around the paperwork, and Evan couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t help but watch Sarah scribbling her signature super fast. It was like she couldn\u8217\'92t wait to get out of there, and that really got under Evan\u8217\'92s skin.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 He couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t keep it in anymore and let out, \u8220\'93Wow, you really are anxious to get divorced. I\u8217\'92ve never seen you sign anything so fast.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Sarah, not even stopping her signing spree, shot back, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve already read the documents and agreed to the changes your attorney made.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 But Evan was digging his heels in, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not signing anything until I get some answers.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Sarah tried to soften her approach, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Come on, Evan, don\u8217\'92t make this any more difficult than it has to be.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan, though, wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t budging, \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not signing, Sarah. We committed to each other when we got married, and then one day, you just moved to Seattle and refused to speak to me directly?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Sarah sounded like she was running out of patience, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Evan, I told you it wasn\u8217\'92t working anymore.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan, getting more heated, pushed back, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Leaving me a note telling me it wasn\u8217\'92t working anymore is not enough. I deserve better than that. I am not going to sign anything until you answer some questions.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Liz jumped in, siding with Evan, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m sorry, Sarah, but I have to back Evan on this one. You know how much I care about you, but Evan does deserve some answers. I\u8217\'92m not signing either unless you agree to speak to Evan.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Then, out of nowhere, one of the younger lawyers lost it and}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  lashed out at Liz, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You ungrateful bitch! Sarah\u8217\'92s practically giving you the company.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Sarah froze him with her reply, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hold it right there! The next thing I want to hear is an apology to Liz. She exudes more class and integrity in her pinkie than me and all the attorneys here combined. You have one minute to apologize and leave. Otherwise, I\u8217\'92ll ensure every contact I and my father have that this firm doesn\u8217\'92t see a dime from anyone we know. Is that clear?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Reprimanded, the junior attorney\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s demeanor shifted from indignation to contrition. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m sorry, Sarah. And I\u8217\'92m sorry, Mrs. Bennett, I let my temper get the best of me, and it will never happen again. I\u8217\'92ll excuse myself from this meeting.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s lawyer tried to smooth things over, pointing out, \u8220\'93Look, Evan, he may have been an asshole about it, but he did make a point that should not be lost. I know for a fact Sarah has rejected beneficial advice from her attorneys. She has been cooperative and fair. I would even say she has been accommodating in ways I have never experienced in these types of settlements. I recommend you sign these documents.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t having any of it, \u8220\'93Do you think I care about money? She can have it all as far as I\u8217\'92m concerned. It means nothing to me. I want answers and won\u8217\'92t sign anything until I get them!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Sarah, seeing no way out, caved, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He\u8217\'92s right; he deserves better than this. Evan, I doubt there\u8217\'92s anything I could say that would give you the closure you\u8217\'92re seeking. I never wanted to cause you more pain than necessary. Despite my reservations about discussing it, if you sign the documents, I\u8217\'92ll meet with you privately to answer your questions as best I can.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 She then checked with her senior lawyer if they could chat privately post-meeting, and he was all apologetic about the drama, giving them the green light to use the room.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Sarah turned to Evan, her voice gentler, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Thank you. Will that work for you, Evan?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 In the silence that followed, Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s nod to Liz was like saying, \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s okay, go ahead and sign.\u8221\'94 He then signed off on the divorce and the sales agreement himself, sealing the deal without a word. This moment was heavy, wrapping up one chapter of their lives and setting the stage for some tough talks ahead. <!$Scr_Ps::0>}}