{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Bold;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red0\green149\blue223;\red170\green64\blue101;\red76\green76\blue76;\red208\green78\blue124;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\fi-372354512\li536605241\lin536605241}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \sa60\sb240\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs32\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_H::2>Scene Profile: }{\f2\fs28\b1\i0 <$Scr_Cs::1>Scene #15: Maggie\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s Dating Woes<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Cs::1><!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sl120\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f3\fs32\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Ps::2>Summary:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf6 Overworked and exhausted, culinary student Maggie insists she has no time for dating. But her spirited roommate, Laura, won't take no for an answer, urging Maggie to break free from her routine and give fun a chance.<!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sl168\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Ps::2>Leading Context:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf6 This scene occurs the morning after Evan revealed his plan to his friends and family at the poker game. At the end of the prior scene, a set of rules were established that Evan will have to follow in order to get the support of his sister. In the prior scene, Evan wakes up feeling rejuvenated and excited about finding a woman for his new relationship plan. He has this gut feeling that the "Universe" is going to guide him to the woman that he is going to have this relationship with. Ultimately, that girl will be Maggie. This is the scene where Maggie is first introduced in the novel. Her and her friend Laura are having an early dinner of al fresco in the downtown area of Naperville Illinois. This is a short scene, designed primarily to introduce Maggie's character to provide the reader a brief context before her and Evan meet in the next scene.<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sl168\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 Setting:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 - Location:}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::5> Outside dining at a quaint caf\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u233\'E9 in downtown Naperville, Illinois.<!$Scr_Cs::5>}
\par\plain {\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 - Time:}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::5> Early evening.<!$Scr_Cs::5>}
\par\plain {\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 - Weather/Environment:}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::5> A comfortable fall day \endash  moderate temperature.<!$Scr_Cs::5><!$Scr_Ps::4><$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sl168\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 Characters Present:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 - Main Characters:}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::5> Maggie, Laura.<!$Scr_Cs::5><!$Scr_Ps::4><$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sl168\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf7
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 Character Emotional State:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 - Maggie:}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::5> Maggie is struggling to enjoy her night out with Laura. Money is always tight, and Laura had to practically beg Maggie to take a night off work to hang out with her this evening. Maggie is feeling overworked, and a busy schedule along with a lack of dating success has left her feeling sour about dating in general. This makes her resistant to Laura's encouragement to get out and date more.<!$Scr_Cs::5>}
\par\plain {\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 - Laura:}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::5> Laura is concerned about her friend Maggie. It's not just that Maggie hasn't had a date in months, it's also because she feels Maggie works far too much and doesn't get out enough to enjoy her life. She can see the impact the stress of a busy schedule is affecting Maggie..<!$Scr_Cs::5><!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sl168\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf7
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Ps::2>POV:}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::5> Third person limited, deep (focusing on Maggie)<!$Scr_Cs::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sl168\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf6
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 Dialogue Focus:}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::5> Heavy<!$Scr_Cs::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sl168\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 Use of Internal Dialogue:}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::5> Minimal<!$Scr_Cs::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sl168\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 Objectives/Goals:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::6>}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li576\fi-216\sa60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 This is just a set up scene to quickly introduce Maggie and Laura before the next scene where Evan and Maggie meet.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 In a later scene, will find out the details about Maggie's work schedule and school schedule. That's why there's no need to mention it in this scene. The scenes purpose is mainly to show the dynamic between Laura, Maggie's best friend and roommate, and Maggie. <!$Scr_Ps::6><$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sl168\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 Notes:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf6 This document is the Scene Profile and is meant to be used as a reference. Do not write the scene at this time.<!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf5}