{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red163\green101\blue209;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>The echoes of the fall festival had faded into a gentle hum, replaced by the quiet rustle of leaves on the sidewalk. Evan and Maggie stood alone on a side street in downtown Naperville, the warmth of the day still lingering in the cool night air. Laughter and music from the festival grounds had given way to the soft glow of streetlamps, casting long shadows across the brick sidewalks and shuttered storefronts. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Maggie leaned against Evan, a contented sigh escaping her lips. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I haven\u8217\'92t had this much fun in ages! Ferris wheels, great music, those impossible-to-win carnival games...and of course,\u8221\'94 her eyes sparkled, \u8220\'93the kissing!\u8221\'94 She smiled. \u8220\'93For the record, you\u8217\'92re an amazing kisser.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 A  flush warmed Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s cheeks. He wanted to echo her enthusiasm, shower her with compliments, but an unexpected hesitation held him back. Uncertain of the source of his reluctance, he decided to keep it simple but sincere. \u8220\'93I had a great time too.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Their eyes met, and a charged silence fell between them. Maggie seemed oblivious to his inner unrest, leaning in for another kiss. Her enthusiasm was infectious, and for a blissful few moments, Evan simply surrendered. Her lips were soft against his, the warmth of her body chasing away the lingering chill. Comfort flooded through him, a welcome respite from the ache of loneliness. }{\f1\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>This feels right<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 ,  a voice whispered. }{\f1\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>This is how it\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s supposed to be<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 .}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Yet, as the kiss deepened,  a shadow of doubt crept into his mind. It wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t the fiery passion he\u8217\'92d felt with Sarah,  sparking visions of an ever-after. But there was kindness here, a sweetness unlike any he\u8217\'92d known recently. Could this be enough? Could he build a good life with Maggie beyond a year, even if that head-over-heels feeling remained elusive?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 He pulled back slowly, his gaze searching hers. The scent of her perfume, a delicate floral mix, hung in the air. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That was nice,\u8221\'94 he murmured. His words were gentle, affectionate, and completely sincere. Yet, a trace of uncertainty persisted in his tone, a silent question neither dared to express.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That was wonderful. I wanted to squeeze one last kiss in before Laura arrives.\u8221\'94 Maggie glanced towards the street. \u8220\'93She should be here soon,\u8221\'94 she murmured, a hint of reluctance in her voice. \u8220\'93If she sees us kiss good night, she\u8217\'92ll hound me all night, demanding details. Tonight has been so incredible. I want to embrace this feeling for a while before telling her how awesome tonight was. It\u8217\'92s probably a good idea if we don\u8217\'92t hold hands either.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Gotcha. I\u8217\'92ll keep a straight face so she won\u8217\'92t know how happy I am,\u8220\'93 Evan teased. \u8220\'93Are we still on for Tuesday through Thursday afternoon dates and cooking lessons?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Definitely!\u8221\'94 Maggie\u8217\'92s eyes shone. \u8220\'93Teaching you to cook is going to be a blast!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 A familiar car turned the corner, its headlights cutting through the dusk. Laura smiled as she waved from the driver\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s seat. Maggie opened the passenger door. She was halfway into her seat, then paused, a wave of defiance washing over her, \u8220\'93Screw it!\u8221\'94 She ran back to Evan and planted a long, slow kiss on his lips,\u8221\'94 before returning to Laura\u8217\'92s car. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Laura gaped at the scene, her jaw practically hitting the steering wheel. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh. My. God!\u8221\'94 As Laura drove away, she glanced at Maggie, her eyes wide with astonishment. \u8220\'93Did my eyes really see what I think they just saw? I want to hear every detail!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Maggie settled into her seat, a dreamy smile on her face. She leaned back, eyes closed, basking in a contentment she hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t felt in years. Laura\u8217\'92s persistent demands for details faded into a distant hum. All that mattered was this: tonight, something wonderful had begun.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <!$Scr_Ps::0>}}