{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red163\green101\blue209;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Laura\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s words burned in his mind \endash  }{\f1\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>surely there must be someone catching her eye?<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  This could be his chance, the sign from the Universe he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d hoped for, yet doubt gnawed at his resolve. A mix of nerves and reckless courage warred on his handsome face, his steps faltering. He could still turn and walk away, pretending he\u8217\'92d never heard. But then regret would be his companion. With a quick breath, he banished the hesitation, offering a smile that was both charming and hinted at a sliver of apology. It was time to take a risk.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Mustering a disarming air of confidence that barely masked his nerves, Evan casually strolled over to their table, plopped into the empty chair, and inquired with light humor, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Might I throw my hat in the ring?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 A delighted grin spread across Laura\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face. She nudged Maggie playfully with her elbow, eyes sparkling with mischievous amusement as she countered, \u8220\'93For what, exactly?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s smile widened, revealing a hint of boyish charm. \u8220\'93Forgive me. I\u8217\'92m being incredibly rude,\u8221\'94 he admitted with a playful flourish. He inclined his head slightly in a mock bow. \u8220\'93Allow me to introduce myself. My name is Evan.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Laura responded with an enthusiastic beam, extending a hand in a welcoming gesture. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m Laura.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s warmth softened as he turned to Maggie, his gaze unwavering as he offered his hand and inquired, \u8220\'93And you are?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 A soft smile touched Maggie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s lips, her hesitation only adding to her allure as she replied, \u8220\'93Maggie.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0  Evan leaned forward, his voice a compelling mix of mystery and sincerity. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sorry for butting in. I overheard a bit of your chat and felt compelled to join in. This will sound odd, but I believe destiny led me here. May I share why?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Laura\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes lit up with a twinkle of excitement as she declared, \u8220\'93We are all ears!\u8221\'94 She turned towards Maggie, who met her gaze with an expression that was a blend of surprise and amusement. Perhaps there was a hint of resignation in the slight upturn of her lips, a silent acknowledgment that, well...they might as well hear this stranger out. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan paused, a thoughtful expression crossing his face. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve experienced similar frustrations with online dating. Just last night, I told my sister and friends I\u8217\'92m done with online dating, and I\u8217\'92m going to try something new. I woke up this morning feeling inspired.\u8221\'94 His voice rose, infused with a newfound determination. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I chose to let fate decide who I\u8217\'92d meet today. Started my journey in Highland Park and just drove west, letting the cosmos guide me.\u8221\'94 A touch of humor crept into his voice as he recounted, \u8220\'93When traffic ground to a halt, I saw it as a nudge to exit. At a gas station, a poster for the fall festival caught my eye. It felt like the Universe was pointing me there.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Leaning in conspiratorially, he continued, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93With all these people around, I wondered how I\u8217\'92d know who I was looking for. But when I saw your beautiful red hair, almost the same color as the leaves this time of year, I considered it a sign that we were meant to meet tonight.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Laura burst forth with an exclamation of delight. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s spectacular, isn\u8217\'92t it? The color of her hair is all-natural. I keep saying she should trademark it!\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s sincerity shone through as he addressed Maggie directly. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s mesmerizing. Once I spotted you, I knew. The hard part was gathering the nerve to approach. Laura\u8217\'92s question seemed like the Universe giving me the final push.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 A hesitant smile touched Maggie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s lips. \u8220\'93Quite the tale you\u8217\'92ve spun.\u8221\'94 There was a hint of friendly skepticism laced within her tone. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Laura, ever the optimist, beamed. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A captivating story, indeed!\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 A server\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s sudden appearance punctuated the scene, interrupting their flow. \u8220\'93Can I get you anything?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 A flicker of uncertainty crossed Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face before he responded, his confidence faltering slightly. \u8220\'93I was just leaving, actually.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan shifted uncomfortably, sensing his confidence waning. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I can feel my nerve slipping away, but before I go, I just want to leave this with you.\u8221\'94 He extended his business card. \u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s a bit about me on our website. Maggie, if you\u8217\'92re up for it, I\u8217\'92d really enjoy your company at the fall festival tonight. Laura, you\u8217\'92re more than welcome to join us. You could be our chaperone!\u8221\'94 He forced a chuckle and gestured towards the two of them. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll swing back here in about an hour, okay? If you decide it\u8217\'92s a yes, great. If not, no hard feelings, and I hope you both have a wonderful evening regardless.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Maggie met his gaze with hesitant warmth. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You seem like a great guy, Evan. We\u8217\'92ll see. But I can\u8217\'92t promise anything. Life\u8217\'92s a bit chaotic for me right now.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan lowered his voice, meeting Maggie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s gaze with a soft sincerity. \u8220\'93I can see you\u8217\'92re hesitant, and honestly, I get it. So am I. Even taking that first step toward your table, I was terrified. Heck, I am still scared.\u8221\'94 A gentle grin, mirrored by both Maggie and Laura, hinted at a shared understanding. \u8220\'93Bad dates, broken promises...they can leave you feeling like all that risk isn\u8217\'92t worth it. I can\u8217\'92t make you any promises about where this will go. I wish I could. Nor do I expect any promises from you. But whatever the reason, I woke up this morning with a certainty I haven\u8217\'92t felt in a long time \endash  that I would meet a woman I\u8217\'92d want to get to know and spend time with. And somehow, here you are. Maybe this goes nowhere, or maybe we\u8217\'92ll enjoy getting to know each other. But it seems a shame to let that chance pass us by, doesn\u8217\'92t it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 A flicker of warmth kindled in the depths of Maggie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes. His words were unexpected, so different from the initial approach that struck her as mere boldness. This vulnerability was\u8230\'85disarming. }{\f1\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>I\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92ve never met a man willing to admit he was afraid<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 , she realized with a small jolt of surprise. A tentative smile touched her lips, a mixture of curiosity and a sliver of the hope he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d so cleverly reawakened in her. Perhaps for just this one night, surrendering to the whim of the moment didn\u8217\'92t feel quite so reckless. Still, a familiar hesitation lingered in her gaze...one final wall she wasn\u8217\'92t quite ready to dismantle.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan leaned forward with a mischievous glint in his eyes. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Think about it, Maggie. Instead of telling your friends tomorrow about some boring online date\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 He playfully stretched his arms into a massive yawn, barely containing a laugh. \u8220\'93...I\u8217\'92m yawning just thinking about it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 A wide grin spread across his face. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Instead of boring them with yet another description of an uninteresting first date, you can tell them you had a great time at the fall festival with a man the Universe delivered right to your table! Not too many women get that kind of service, you know.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Laura chimed in with a playful smirk, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He\u8217\'92s right! Women never get that kind of service!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 A wry grin spread across Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face. \u8220\'93My courage has abandoned me. I\u8217\'92ll leave you two to enjoy your dinner.\u8221\'94 He paused, casting a final, hopeful glance toward Maggie. \u8220\'93Fingers crossed you\u8217\'92re here when I return.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Hoping to get a chuckle, Evan playfully walked off with an exaggerated, awkward swagger. He couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t resist turning back briefly, offering a playful nod as if to say, \u8220\'93Pretty cool, right?\u8221\'94. His antics drew hearty laughter from both women, who shook their heads in amused disbelief. Evan pretended to be wounded by their reaction. With a dramatic pout, he shuffled away, leaving an indelible mark on the evening.<!$Scr_Ps::0>}}