{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red0\green149\blue223;\red0\green174\blue254;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \sa60\sb240\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs32\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_H::2>Book summaries:<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs28\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_H::2>Book 2:<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Book 2 is by far the largest of the 3 books in the series. A lot happens in this book. I broke this summary up into 2 parts. The 1st part will be up to the point before Evan and Chloe get together. And the 2nd part will be after the get-together.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Book 2: Part 1 of 2}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0  starts off a little less than 7 years after the end of book 1. The 1st scene in book 2 begins with Evan staring across a conference room table in Sarah's high-priced attorney's offices. Sarah never gave him a satisfactory explanation for why she asked for a divorce. Sarah and Evan still love each other, and while the reader will be left feeling there is more to the story, there is a little bit of an explanation that Sarah provides Evan after the divorce has been finalized.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Without reading the prequel, the reader, like the character, Chloe will be a bit confused about why the divorce happened, as well as perplexed why Evan and Liz seem so fond of Sarah, but everybody else seems to despise her. Not only do they find her unapproachable and cold, but they are upset with the way that she dumped Evan.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Throughout book 2 and the beginning of book 3, the reader will slowly begin to understand Sarah in a better light, and see that she is actually misunderstood. Ultimately, Chloe and Sarah do meet in book 3. More on that later.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Shortly into book 2, Evan discloses his plan 1st to his sister Liz, and then to a handful of friends that meet once a month for a friendly poker game. While Evan is extremely enthusiastic and hopeful with his new plan, Liz makes no secret that she thinks it's a crazy idea. The rest the poker gang has mixed feelings, but generally not liking the idea much either.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 However Liz, knows her brother well enough to see that he is going to go through this plan whether she agrees with it or not. In order to protect him and the potential girl he's going to have a relationship with, she and the rest of the poker gang come up with a list of rules that Evan must agree to if he wants their support. Evan loves his sister, and knows he probably needs a little bit of help, so he gladly agrees to the list of rules that they come up with.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 The next day, Evan meets Maggie and she unwittingly becomes girl #1. Evan, for the most part, follows the plan and stick to the rules. He has a successful one-year relationship that not only benefits him, but benefits Maggie in unexpected ways. However, Evan is left sick to his stomach after breaking her heart when the year ends.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan decides he is not going to enter into this type of relationship again. However after a couple of months of loneliness, an unexpected meeting with Gabriella, a bartender he meets after an unfruitful date he went on only to satisfy Guido's annoying urging. In a moment of weakness, he decided to make Gabriella girl #2.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 This gets revealed slowly over time, but Liz's terrified that Evan is going to enter a long-term relationship with Gabriella even though he doesn't love her. She sees Evan just doesn't not want to be alone and figures Gabriella is good enough as they get along very well. But Liz knows that Evan is a true romantic and will never be happy unless he is truly in love.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Part by coincidence and partly through Liz's intention, her friend Chloe, who she met when Chloe was only 14 and Liz was in college with her older sister, visits Liz for an extended visit to work on a project.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 We find out later, that while Chloe and Evan do amazing things this project, the real purpose for Liz inviting Chloe up to Chicago was to fix her up with Evan. Chloe is 4 years younger than Evan, but now 26 years old, Liz feels she is ready to finally get away from the jerk boyfriend she's been dating and be with someone like Evan. She sees the ways they are the same, and also sees that their differences will lead to a positive evolution in their lives. But mostly, her gut instinct is that these 2 are meant to be together.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 I'm going to be more concise for the rest of this book description. While Chloe and Evan instantly hit it off, Evan cannot express his feelings until after the year is over any breaks up with Gabriella.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 However, while Chloe understands the situation, and knows that Evan will never cheat on anyone, she can't help but try and get Evan to express his feelings for her and kissed her before she leaves town \endash  which is only 4 weeks away. }
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Oddly, as strong as Chloe's feelings are for Evan, she doesn't believe they could ever make the relationship work. In her eyes she can't leave St. Louis to live in Chicago with him, and she doesn't feel like she deserves Evan. Chloe's parents fought all the time and this combative nature made his way through Chloe and her sister as well. Every relationship Chloe ever had ended in flames, so to speak.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 And even if somehow she could get past all those problems, the one thing she knew she'd ever get past is her fear of getting pregnant. Chloe despises her mother, but at the same time feels like she would be just as bad. Not only does she see Evan as a great guy clearly wants a family, but Evan is also Liz's brother. These are among the many factors why she decides a long-term relationship would never work.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 However before she goes back to St. Louis, circumstances occur that caused Evan to break up one week earlier than expected giving Chloe a few short hours before she leaves town to finally talk to Evan without any concerns about Gabriella. }
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 While Evan wants Chloe to come back after her two-month project and have a regular relationship with him, Chloe tells him that would never work but she volunteers to improve some of the rules for the love annually relationship strategy and asks if she can be girl #3. }
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 As much as Evan does not want to do another round of the love annually relationship, he realizes that the only way can be with Chloe as if she agrees to what she wants \endash  so he does. Book 2 part 1, ends with Chloe returning to St. Louis, with secret plans that only she and Evan know about to return 2 months later and begin their love annually relationship.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0}