{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Bold;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red186\green124\blue93;\red139\green93\blue0;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0>[ Note: In Maggie's mind: Maggie is struggling to enjoy her night out. Only through Laura's persistent efforts, was she able to get Maggie to ask for the night off so they could have a nice dinner and enjoy the autumn Festival that only comes around once a year.}
\par\plain \f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 Maggie is always so stressed about money, that taking a night off is more stressful  than working all night in a hot  restaurant kitchen. On top of that, Laura insists on paying for everything. We don't want to know spent too much effort on that in this scene, because later scenes will reveal more about Maggie's feelings regarding receiving gifts from others \endash  she has a proud heritage and never wants to be seen as a charity case.   ]<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\ltrch\loch \f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::1>Maggie O\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92Shea was enjoying a rare Saturday night off work. Her roommate Laura had convinced Maggie to take the night off to go to the fall festival. Of the two, Laura was considered the \u8220\'93hot\u8221\'94 one. Truth be told, if Maggie put as much effort as Laura did into looking her best, she\u8217\'92d be every bit as \u8220\'93hot\u8221\'94 as Laura.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 The fair-skinned, green-eyed, freckled-faced redhead was the daughter of working-class Irish immigrants. It wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t often she would dress up like her friend Laura. Maggie was a pair of jeans and a T-shirt girl, and that\u8217\'92s what she was wearing that night. Maggie was quite comfortable in her own skin and saw little reason to spend the time and money to dress to impress.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 The two women were waiting for the dinner they ordered at an outdoor seating area at a downtown caf\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u233\'E9.<!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs26\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Laura<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::3>(Caring and concerned):<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Maggie, you're missing out on so much. You don\u8217\'92t even try to date any more.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs26\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Maggie<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::3>(Resigned, jaded):<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Dating? With my schedule? Impossible.}{\f2\fs26\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs26\b1\i0\cf5 Laura<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::3>(Encouraging, worried):<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There's always room for a bit of fun. You're working yourself to the bone.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs26\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Maggie<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::3>(Resigned, jaded):<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Honestly, why bother? The online scene was a bust, and the one guy I actually liked left because I was too busy. It's just too much hassle.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs26\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Laura<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::3>(Persuasive, offering options):<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Isn't there someone from one of your jobs you could casually see?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs26\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Maggie<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::3>(Resigned):<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Tried that. It was a complete mess.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs26\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Laura<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::3>(desperate to open Maggie's mind):<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Surely, there's got to be someone catching your eye, anywhere?\u8221\'94}}