{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Small;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs30\cf1 For now, I'm just gonna send you what I had already created and let you do with it as you will. When I send it, I'll make this clear but this is one of the cases where the dialogue is to be taken verbatim and in its entirety. I will note something  to save us some time and iterations. Maggie is not sarcastic. She's got a kind heart, but is worn out from working two jobs and trying to finish culinary school. On top of that, her car barely works, and she's always short on money to pay her bills. All this becomes very important in later scenes. As far as dating goes, Maggie is jaded. In a way, she similar to Evan in this way. As you will soon see, this \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8221\'94dislike  of dating\u8221\'94  helps bonds Evan and Maggie . Maggie has several issues with dating. But her primary reasons are twofold:}
\par\plain \f1\fs30\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs30\cf1 1. Finding a decent guy is a "roll of the dice" as they say. There is no guarantee that she will find one, and she has little time to spend on one date after another trying to find the right guy.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs30\cf1 2. She's convinced that even if she finds the right guy, he'll end up ditching her because she doesn't have enough hours to put into a healthy relationship.}
\par\plain \f1\fs30\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs30\cf1 So Maggie's mind, dating is pointless. Either she wastes what little free time she has weeding through men who are not her match or she finds a guy she likes, but he grows tired of her never being able to spend time with him.}
\par\plain \f1\fs30\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs30\cf1 Let me know if you have any more questions or if you are ready for the scene enhancement template?}}