{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red0\green108\blue175;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0>Trish walked Maggie to the conference room where Evan was waiting. She opened the door and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Evan, your date is here. Have a great weekend. I\u8217\'92ll see you on Monday.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 Maggie greeted Evan with a hug and a long kiss.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 Evan said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You look great! What\u8217\'92s with the shoes?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t ask. What\u8217\'92s all this?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 Evan had prepared the conference room for an indoor picnic. The conference room table was covered with a red-checkered tablecloth. On top of the tablecloth sat a large picnic basket, two place settings, two glasses, and a bottle of wine.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 Evan said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sit down, and I\u8217\'92ll show you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 Evan poured two glasses of wine. He said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve been experimenting with the food lessons you taught me this week. I have prepared for you a gourmet chicken salad sandwich, with a side of fruit cocktail and a bag of potato chips.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 Evan handed Maggie a wine glass and made a toast. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93To exciting times ahead.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 They clinked glasses and followed up with a kiss.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Thank you so much! I can\u8217\'92t believe you did all this for me. Did you make this all yourself?\u8221\'94 asked Maggie.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yep! I even had the potato chips sealed in a bag with a price tag to make it look professional.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 Maggie laughed, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Haha. You know what I mean. Did you make the chicken salad yourself?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 Evan smiled and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, I did.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I can\u8217\'92t wait to try it!\u8221\'94 said Maggie.<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Maggie and Evan simultaneously took a bite of their chicken salad sandwiches.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Wow, Evan, this is seriously good. This doesn\u8217\'92t feel like a chicken salad sandwich, though?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s my take on a chicken salad sandwich. You told me a good chef elevates even the most common dish. Instead of chopping up the chicken and mixing it all together, I cut it in thick slivers and placed the salad mix on top. Can you guess what\u8217\'92s in there?\u8221\'94 asked Evan.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Chicken, obviously. I like that you used fresh dill instead of celery. I taste onions, salt, pepper, a hint of lemon juice, and a lot of paprika, but I can\u8217\'92t place the dressing itself. I would expect mayo. But it\u8217\'92s sweeter. You got me stumped.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I know I should be using higher quality ingredients. So, I\u8217\'92m a little embarrassed to say I didn\u8217\'92t use fancy mayonnaise or Dijon mustard. I used an ingredient I fell in love with as a child. Liz used to spread it on my sandwiches when we were poor kids in Chicago \endash  Miracle Whip.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 Maggie said. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve never tried Miracle Whip before. It\u8217\'92s delicious. I love the sweetness it brings to the sandwich. As your teacher, I\u8217\'92d give you an A+ for creativity and elevating a boring chicken salad sandwich to a gourmet level.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You really like it?\u8221\'94 asked Evan.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I love it! My dream is to one day open an Irish pub with inexpensive but delicious comfort food. I would have no problem making this a lunch special.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ll be happy to know this entire date, including the wine, food, and free theater tickets gifted to me by one of our vendors, cost under $30!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 Maggie laughed and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You have no idea how happy that makes me feel.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We better get going. The play will be starting soon,\u8221\'94 Evan said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 Maggie looked down at Laura\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s designer heels like they were on fire. The last thing she wanted to do was cram her feet into those shoes again. She looked up at Evan and said, \u8220\'93I hope there\u8217\'92s not a lot of walking.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 Evan laughed and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There isn\u8217\'92t.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Ps::0>}}