{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red0\green108\blue175;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Trish Barnes was Sarah and Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s first hire. The 34-year-old, dark-haired brunette performed double duty as the receptionist and office manager. Trish was the cog that kept The Vaughn Group running efficiently. She had received several salary increases during her tenure. Evan had offered to relieve Trish of her receptionist duties, but Trish refused. She was a people person and enjoyed answering phones and greeting visitors. She jokingly bragged she was the highest-paid receptionist in Chicago.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 It was past 5 o\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92clock on a Friday, which usually meant Trish would have been on her way home to her family. However, she knew Maggie was on her way, and she wanted to meet the first date Evan had ever invited to the office. Trish was protective of Evan. She had never liked Sarah much and was curious about Maggie.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Maggie entered the office of The Vaughn Group. She walked up to the window and said to Trish, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m Maggie O\u8217\'92Shea. I\u8217\'92m here to see Evan Vaughn.\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0>Trish replied, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Evan is wrapping up a few things. He asked me to introduce you to his sister before we head to the conference room.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 Trish opened the door to the office area and invited Maggie in. She said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re limping pretty badly there. Are you okay?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 Maggie replied, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m fine. It\u8217\'92s these damn shoes.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why don\u8217\'92t you give your feet a break and take off your heels,\u8221\'94 suggested Trish.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That would be okay?\u8221\'94 asked Maggie.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 Trish reassured Maggie. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It will be fine. Things are pretty casual around here, especially on Friday nights.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 Maggie quickly removed her shoes and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Thank you!\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Trish had a good feeling about Maggie and refrained from the third-degree interrogation she had planned. She walked Maggie to Liz\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s office and introduced her to Liz.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0>With shoes in her left hand, Maggie shook Liz\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hand with her right. Maggie said, \u8220\'93Sorry about the shoes. I haven\u8217\'92t broken them in yet, and I walked from the train station.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 Liz said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You poor girl, you should\u8217\'92ve called us. We would have come to pick you up.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s okay. I\u8217\'92ll be fine. I\u8217\'92m glad to meet you, Liz. Evan has told me so many wonderful things about you,\u8221\'94 said Maggie.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He\u8217\'92s been saying great things about you too! I won\u8217\'92t keep you. I know you have dinner and a play to catch. Evan should be ready for you by now.\u8221\'94 said Liz.<!$Scr_Ps::0>}}