{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Small;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx562\tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2808\tx3370\tx3931\tx4493\tx5054\tx5616\tx6178\tx6739\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Maggie reaches Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s office, where she\u8217\'92s greeted by Trish, the receptionist and office manager, and also meets Liz.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0 A sigh of pure bliss escaped Maggie's lips as she ditched the offending heels. With every agonizing pinch released, a wave of relief washed over her, leaving her muscles loose and her mind momentarily blank. "Thank you!" Following Trish to Liz's office felt less like an interview and more like an escape. These women seemed...kind, somehow. Trish made the introductions, and another wave of relief washed over Maggie at the genuine welcome in Liz's eyes}{ }
\par\pard\plain \tx562\tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2808\tx3370\tx3931\tx4493\tx5054\tx5616\tx6178\tx6739\ltrch\loch \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx562\tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2808\tx3370\tx3931\tx4493\tx5054\tx5616\tx6178\tx6739\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0 A wave of blissful relief washed over Maggie as she ditched the offending heels. With a sigh that escaped her lips, the tension drained from her aching feet. }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 With grateful steps, she followed Trish to Liz's office, the plush carpet like soft pillows beneath her weary soles. These women seemed\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85kind, somehow. Trish made the introductions, and another wave of relief washed over Maggie at the genuine welcome in Liz\u8217\'92s eyes.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0  a sharp contrast to the stilted steps of moments before. These women seemed\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85kind, somehow. Trish made the introductions, and another wave of relief washed over Maggie at the genuine welcome in Liz\u8217\'92s eyes.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 The offending heels were cast aside with a groan of relief. As the constricting pressure lifted, every sore muscle in Maggie's feet seemed to exhale. With grateful steps, she followed Trish to Liz's office, the plush carpet a soothing balm. These women seemed\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85kind, somehow. Trish made the introductions, and another wave of relief washed over Maggie at the genuine welcome in Liz\u8217\'92s eyes.}}