{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Bold;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}{\f5\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red186\green124\blue93;\red139\green93\blue0;\red0\green108\blue175;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1><$Scr_Ps::0>[ Normally when introducing a new location into a scene, I provide a detailed description. However, in this case I\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92m not doing that because I\u8217\'92m saving that for a scene where Chloe first enters Evan\u8217\'92s house. ]<!$Scr_Cs::1><!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sl120\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Maggie and Evan arrived at Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s home in Highland Park. They entered through the front door.<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl120\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f2\fs30\b1\i0\cf5
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs30\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Maggie}{\f3\fs26\b1\i0\cf5  <!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::4>(As soon as she got inside, Maggie took off her shoes angrily): <!$Scr_Cs::4>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I am never wearing those damn shoes again!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs30\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f3\fs26\b1\i0\cf5  }{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::4>(Ever attentive and being a gracious host): <!$Scr_Cs::4>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I have something for your feet. Have a seat in the recliner while I get you something to drink.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs30\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Maggie}{\f3\fs26\b1\i0\cf5  <!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::4>(Sincere and curious): <!$Scr_Cs::4>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You have a nice place. Do you have any roommates?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs30\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f3\fs26\b1\i0\cf5  }{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::4>(Looking through his cabinets and fridge): <!$Scr_Cs::4>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Nope. It\u8217\'92s just me. What will you have? I\u8217\'92ve got beer, wine, whiskey, and rum.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs30\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Maggie}{\f3\fs26\b1\i0\cf5  <!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::4>(Playfully answering Evan\loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8217\'92s question): <!$Scr_Cs::4>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll answer the way my father does when asked this question.\u8221\'94 }{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::4>( Mimicking her father\loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8217\'92s thick Irish accent, Maggie quoted her father\u8217\'92s rhyme)<!$Scr_Cs::4><!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \sl264\slmult1\qc\ltrch\loch {\f5\fs26\b0\i1 Some may choose wine,\line But it\loch\af5\hich\af5\dbch\af5\uc1\u8217\'92s not a favorite of mine.\line I prefer life a bit more risky,\line Grab a glass and pour me some whiskey.<!$Scr_Ps::5><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6
\par\plain {\f2\fs30\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f3\fs26\b1\i0\cf5  }{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::4>(Laughing out loud):<!$Scr_Cs::4>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I love it! I\u8217\'92m normally a Jack and Coke man. But for you, I\u8217\'92ll break out the good stuff. How do you take yours?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs30\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Maggie<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::4>: <!$Scr_Cs::4>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Neat, please.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx9000\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\ul\ulc0 \~\tab }
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sl120\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0>[ Evan brought Maggie her drink, put a footstool on the floor in front of her. Maggie was curious about what he was up to.]<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sl120\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs30\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1><$Scr_Ps::3>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f3\fs26\b1\i0\cf5  }{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::4>(<!$Scr_Cs::4>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 disappearing into his bedroom.}{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::4>): <!$Scr_Cs::4>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll be right back,\u8221\'94 <!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sl120\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan returned to the family room carrying a footbath. He was now jacketless, tieless, and he had unbuttoned a few top shirt buttons with his sleeves rolled up. Evan placed the footbath on the floor in front of Maggie and sat on the footstool.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl120\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::3><!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs30\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f3\fs26\b1\i0\cf5  }{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::4>(Instructional, reverting back to his personal trainer days): <!$Scr_Cs::4>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Let me look at those feet. I see a few hot spots but no blisters yet. Put your feet in the water. It might sting a little bit at first, but I put some special powder in there that will cool your feet almost instantly.\u8221\'94 }
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl120\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Maggie placed her foot into the footbath. She felt the sting Evan had mentioned but then felt the soothing effects of the foot powder.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl120\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs30\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1><$Scr_Ps::3>Maggie}{\f3\fs26\b1\i0\cf5  <!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::4>(<!$Scr_Cs::4>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 sighed in relief}{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::4>): <!$Scr_Cs::4>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh my God, that feels so good.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs30\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f3\fs26\b1\i0\cf5  }{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::4>(Informative, back story): <!$Scr_Cs::4>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I used to be a personal trainer in college, and I\u8217\'92m an avid runner and hiker. I can\u8217\'92t tell you how much pain this powder has spared my clients and me.\u8221\'94 <!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sl120\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Maggie and Evan talked while Maggie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s feet soaked. After about 15 minutes, Evan went to get a towel from the closet. He wrapped Maggie\u8217\'92s feet in the towel and asked her to recline the chair. Evan then used the towel to dry her feet thoroughly. He put some foot lotion in his hands and rubbed them together before giving Maggie a foot massage.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl120\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs30\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1><$Scr_Ps::3>Maggie}{\f3\fs26\b1\i0\cf5  <!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::4>(Feeling like a burden): <!$Scr_Cs::4>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You don\u8217\'92t have to do that. You\u8217\'92ve already done so much. My feet feel a lot better.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f2\fs30\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f3\fs26\b1\i0\cf5  }{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::4>(Reassuring, then testing to see how he would feel using the word boyfriend and girlfriend, and wanting to gauge Maggie\loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8217\'92s response.): <!$Scr_Cs::4>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t mind. Besides, what kind of boyfriend would I be if I didn\u8217\'92t take care of my girlfriend\u8217\'92s sore feet?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs30\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Maggie}{\f3\fs26\b1\i0\cf5  <!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::4>(Playful in tone, but serious in context. She wanted to know where Evan stood on the relationship without making it feel like a serious conversation.): <!$Scr_Cs::4>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is that what I am, Evan, your girlfriend?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs30\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f3\fs26\b1\i0\cf5  }{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::4>(Genuine): <!$Scr_Cs::4>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know. I guess I just wanted to hear what it sounded like when I said it out loud. I\u8217\'92d like it to be that way.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs30\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Maggie}{\f3\fs26\b1\i0\cf5  <!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::4>(Sincerely expressing her fear and unreadiness.): <!$Scr_Cs::4>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I just don\u8217\'92t think I\u8217\'92m ready. This is all so new and unexpected. It\u8217\'92s not that I want to see anybody else. I don\u8217\'92t. I\u8217\'92m just nervous about applying any labels to our relationship at this point.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs30\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f3\fs26\b1\i0\cf5  }{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::4>(Sincerely understanding): <!$Scr_Cs::4>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I understand.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx9000\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\ul\ulc0 \~\tab }
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl120\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Not wanting to dwell on Maggie's reluctance or appear disappointed, Evan quickly, but smoothly, transitioned to small talk while massaging her feet.  They engaged in chit chat for a while while he continued to massage her feet.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sl120\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs30\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1><$Scr_Ps::3>Evan}{\f3\fs26\b1\i0\cf5  <!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::4>(seeing he was finishing up the massage, he started to think what to do next. He wasn't ready to go to sleep yet.): <!$Scr_Cs::4>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93When I\u8217\'92m done here, do you want to watch TV?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f2\fs30\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Maggie<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f3\fs26\b1\i0\cf5  }{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::4>(agreeable): <!$Scr_Cs::4>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sure! What did you want to watch?\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl120\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs30\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1><$Scr_Ps::3>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f3\fs26\b1\i0\cf5  }{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::4>(Excited about sharing his new favorite show): <!$Scr_Cs::4>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Since we started cooking lessons, I found myself binge-watching a show about America\u8217\'92s worst cooks. I\u8217\'92m down to the last couple of episodes. Do you want to watch those with me?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs30\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Maggie}{\f3\fs26\b1\i0\cf5  <!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::4>(Sincerely interested): <!$Scr_Cs::4>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That sounds great!\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Maggie, after the foot massage, looked at Evan. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I like to get changed. You said you could find something for me to where?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan gestured towards the dining room table where a stack of neatly folded clothes awaited.  Women\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s pajamas, cozy sweats, a warm sweatshirt, and comfortable tennis shoes were laid out, a handwritten note addressed to \u8220\'93Maggie\u8221\'94 resting on top.  The presentation revealed a surprising level of thoughtfulness.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Maggie, slightly taken aback, felt a hint of offense. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, you certainly had this whole night planned out, didn\u8217\'92t you?  Pretty sure of yourself, aren\u8217\'92t you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan chuckled at Maggie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s misinterpretation. \u8220\'93No, not at all.  I honestly planned on taking you home after the play.\u8221\'94  His voice softened. \u8220\'93But after our picnic date,  I realized I wanted to spend as much time with you as possible. Remember the text I sent outside my office?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Maggie nodded, not quite ready to speak.  She was still processing, trying to decide if she\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d jumped to conclusions.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan continued earnestly, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I noticed you and Liz are about the same size, so I texted her. I asked if she could bring some comfortable clothes for you.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 [ I think this section needs a little bit of work. The readers need to understand the Heartfelt Way, Maggie felt touched when she realized that these clothes respond from Evan's desire to spend more time with her this evening as result of the lovely picnic date. In addition, she is grateful for Liz's kindness in doing and Evan asked \endash  bringing her the clothes. ]<!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Realization dawned on Maggie she had misjudged Evans intentions. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh my God, Evan, that\u8217\'92s so sweet! She didn\u8217\'92t have to go through all that trouble.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No worries,\u8221\'94 Evan reassured her.  \u8220\'93Liz lives nearby and is always happy to help.  And don\u8217\'92t worry about returning anything \endash  she said they\u8217\'92re yours to keep or donate.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Maggie smiled, now feeling both gracious and curious. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, at least make sure she knows how grateful I am. That was incredibly thoughtful.  But wasn\u8217\'92t it weird texting your sister that I might be sleeping over?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s sincerity shone through. \u8220\'93Liz is cool about things like this.  Plus, she\u8217\'92d be more worried about me driving late at night. And she knows I have a guest room \endash   she probably figures you\u8217\'92ll be staying there.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx9000\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\ul\ulc0 \~\tab }
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs30\b0\i0\cf1 Maggie grabbed the clothes and followed Evan's directions to a nearby bathroom where she could change. Evan headed to his bedroom to get more comfortable as well. When they returned, }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan turned on the TV and loaded up his new favorite show. }
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 [ insert  A dialogue exchange here. Maggie comes out in ladies flannel pajamas. Chuckling, expressing cute sarcasm when saying "these are sexy." When clearly they're not. Evan laughed and said something like "Well it was my sister bringing them here, after all." (They share a laugh, before Evan takes a very slightly more serious tone) and says something like," honestly, I think you look great!" Then maybe have Maggie say something casual like "Back at ya!"  }
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 These are only ideas, use your creative abilities when crafting this portion. ]}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Maggie and Evan cuddled on the couch enjoying the show together to watch the final two episodes. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 When the finale concluded, Maggie thought it best to turn in for the evening. Evan's master bedroom was on the main floor, Maggie was staying in the guestroom on the second floor.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sl120\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::2><!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs30\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Maggie}{\f3\fs26\b1\i0\cf5  <!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::4>(resigned): <!$Scr_Cs::4>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We should probably get some sleep.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs30\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f3\fs26\b1\i0\cf5  }{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::4>(Turned off the TV and directed Maggie to the guestroom): <!$Scr_Cs::4>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The first room upstairs on the right is the guest bedroom. There should be toothbrushes, towels, a hairdryer, whatever you need.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs30\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Maggie (smiling)<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::4>: <!$Scr_Cs::4>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Great! Thank you.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sl120\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs30\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1><$Scr_Ps::3>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f3\fs26\b1\i0\cf5  }{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::4>(Evan trying to be subtle): <!$Scr_Cs::4>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93My bedroom is down here. I\u8217\'92m going to leave the door open in case you need anything.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs30\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Maggie}{\f3\fs26\b1\i0\cf5  <!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::4>(Finding his attempt to be subtle humorous, playfully calling him out.): <!$Scr_Cs::4>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That sounds like an invitation to me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs30\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f3\fs26\b1\i0\cf5  }{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::4>(Reviving the joke from earlier in the evening): <!$Scr_Cs::4>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re not gonna start begging me to sleep with you again, are you?\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Maggie laughed Loudly.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs30\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1><$Scr_Ps::3>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f3\fs26\b1\i0\cf5  }{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::4>(Continuing with the brevity and flirtatiousness ): <!$Scr_Cs::4>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I only mentioned the open door because your room is haunted. The whole house is haunted, except for my bedroom.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs30\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Maggie}{\f3\fs26\b1\i0\cf5  <!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::4>(Playful sarcasm): <!$Scr_Cs::4>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Of course, not your bedroom.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs30\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f3\fs26\b1\i0\cf5  }{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::4>(Continuing his playfulness): <!$Scr_Cs::4>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t worry. The ghosts are harmless. They are more the mischievous types that try to keep my guests awake all night.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs30\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Maggie}{\f3\fs26\b1\i0\cf5  <!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::4>(Playing back, the last exchange of the joke before a good night kiss.): <!$Scr_Cs::4>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, if I can\u8217\'92t sleep, I\u8217\'92ll know where to go.\u8221\'94 <!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0>[ Before they kiss, they look longingly into each other's eyes, signaling their desire to be together. They share a warm gentle passionate kiss good night. They each share what a great time they had for the evening,  before going to their separate bedrooms. ]<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs26\b0\i0}