{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Small;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Bold;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}{\f3\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}{\f4\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red139\green93\blue0;\red186\green124\blue93;\red0\green108\blue175;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs30\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1><$Scr_Ps::0>Maggie}{\f2\fs26\b1\i0\cf4  <!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>(Upon the completion of the foot massage): <!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f4\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 \loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8220\'93I like to get changed. You said you could find something for me to where?<!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs26\b0\i0\strike\strikec0 Evan gestured towards the dining room table where a carefully arranged stack of clothes awaited. The assortment included women\loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8217\'92s pajamas, cozy sweats, a warm sweatshirt, and tennis shoes, all precisely folded to showcase the thoughtfulness behind them. Atop the shoes, a note addressed to \u8220\'93Maggie\u8221\'94 showcased elegant handwriting, symbolizing a personal touch to the thoughtful gesture.<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs30\b1\i0\strike\strikec0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>Maggie}{\f2\fs26\b1\i0\strike\strikec0\cf4  <!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\strike\strikec0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>(A bit taken aback, finding Evan\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92s gesture presumptuous. Her voice, slightly offended): <!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f4\fs28\b0\i0\strike\strikec0\cf6 \loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8220\'93Well, apparently you had this whole night planned out. Pretty sure of yourself aren\u8217\'92t you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs30\b1\i0\strike\strikec0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f2\fs26\b1\i0\strike\strikec0\cf4  }{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\strike\strikec0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>(chuckled at Maggie\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92s misunderstanding): <!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f4\fs28\b0\i0\strike\strikec0\cf6 \loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8220\'93Nah. }{\f4\fs30\b0\i0\strike\strikec0\cf1 I had always planned to take you home after the play. \loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8220\'93 }{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\strike\strikec0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>(Voice turning soft and sincere)<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f4\fs30\b0\i0\strike\strikec0\cf1  \loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8220\'93But after our picnic date went so well, I knew I wanted to spend as much time with you as possible. Remember the text I sent outside my office building.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f4\fs30\b0\i0\strike\strikec0\cf1
\par\plain {\f4\fs30\b0\i0\strike\strikec0\cf1 Maggie nodded. She wasn\loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8217\'92t ready to speak yet. She was still in the process of determining if she had misunderstood and overreacted.}
\par\plain \f4\fs30\b0\i0\strike\strikec0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs30\b1\i0\strike\strikec0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f4\fs30\b0\i0\strike\strikec0\cf1  }{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\strike\strikec0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>(Continued Earnestly):<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f4\fs30\b0\i0\strike\strikec0\cf1  \loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8220\'93I noticed that you and Liz are about the same size, so I texted her, asking her to bring you something comfortable to wear.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f4\fs30\b0\i0\strike\strikec0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs30\b1\i0\strike\strikec0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>Maggie<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f4\fs30\b0\i0\strike\strikec0\cf1  }{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\strike\strikec0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>(now realizing she had misjudged the moment):<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f4\fs30\b0\i0\strike\strikec0\cf1  \loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8220\'93Oh my God Evan, that is so sweet. Liz didn\u8217\'92t have to go through all that trouble.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f4\fs30\b0\i0\strike\strikec0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs30\b1\i0\strike\strikec0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f4\fs30\b0\i0\strike\strikec0\cf1  }{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\strike\strikec0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>(Reassuring):<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f4\fs30\b0\i0\strike\strikec0\cf1  \loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8220\'93No worries. Liz lives nearby and she\u8217\'92s always happy to help. Don\u8217\'92t even try to return anything to her. She texted me that they\u8217\'92re yours to keep or donate to charity.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f4\fs30\b0\i0\strike\strikec0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs30\b1\i0\strike\strikec0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>Maggie<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f4\fs30\b0\i0\strike\strikec0\cf1  }{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\strike\strikec0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>(Gracious and curious):<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f4\fs30\b0\i0\strike\strikec0\cf1  \loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8220\'93Well, at least make sure she knows that I\u8217\'92m eternally grateful. Wasn\u8217\'92t that weird for you, texting your sister that I might be sleeping over?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f4\fs30\b0\i0\strike\strikec0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs30\b1\i0\strike\strikec0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f4\fs30\b0\i0\strike\strikec0\cf1  }{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\strike\strikec0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>(Sincere):<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f4\fs30\b0\i0\strike\strikec0\cf1  \loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8220\'93Liz is not one to judge. Besides, she would be more concerned about me driving long distance at night. Plus, she knows I have a guestroom, and probably assumes that you\u8217\'92ll be sleeping there.\u8220\'93 }
\par\plain \f4\fs30\b0\i0\strike\strikec0\cf1}