{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs28\b0\i0\fi-853\li1707\lin1707}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b1\i0 Introvert or Extrovert:}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sb180\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Labeling Evan as an introvert or extrovert would be a mistake. Emotional duress might make him appear as an introvert, but that wasn't his typical state.}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Despite his popularity, affinity for meeting new people, and making friends, he might be considered an extrovert. But this wasn't the case.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan preferred avoiding drawing attention to himself. He wasn't popular by choice, but his looks and warm personality made him so.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Whether someone was the star quarterback or the worst student, Evan treated everyone kindly.}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sa180\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 He humbly accepted his popularity, never becoming arrogant or allowing it to inflate his ego.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b1\i0 Character Description:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan Vaughn embodies the epitome of a romantic novel's male protagonist. Standing at 6'2" and weighing 200 pounds, his lean, muscular physique mirrors a professional athlete. His clean-cut medium-brown hair and hazel eyes complete the captivating look.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan's wardrobe effortlessly balances casual and formal styles, allowing him to switch from laid-back jeans and T-shirts to smart slacks and suits, while staying true to his style. As a personal trainer, he's passionate about fitness and engages in various activities like hiking, running, biking, and weight training.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Loyal, respectful, romantic, and polite, Evan's personality reflects the Hero archetype. He's non-confrontational and known for fidelity in relationships, a symbol of integrity and trust. However, his unwillingness to forgive his father and past trauma cause occasional withdrawal, leading to complex conflicts.}}