{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Liz was right in her happy place, buzzing around her cozy Glenview home, getting everything ready for poker night. Liz\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s appearance was that of everyday relatability, neither particularly tall nor notably petite, with a body that spoke of real-life experiences rather than gym hours. Her brown hair, cut to a practical medium length, framed her face with an effortless charm. Known for her casual elegance, Liz tonight had forgone any pretense of formality. Tonight, she was the epitome of casual chic, rocking comfy blue jeans and a soft sweatshirt that just screamed \u8216\'91Welcome to my chill zone.\u8217\'92 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 As she was putting the final touches on the snack spread and making sure the drinks were ice-cold, her phone suddenly lit up with \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Chloe Collette\u8221\'94 flashing on the screen. Liz felt that familiar flutter of excitement\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Chloe\u8217\'92s calls were always a wild card of fun, drama, and chaos. Memories flooded back to when they first met; Chloe was this awkward 14-year-old, and Liz, in her college sophomore year, instantly felt that big sister pull. They clicked right away, Chloe filling that little sister gap Liz had always felt and Liz stepping up as the rock-solid big sister Chloe really needed, especially with her own sister not quite fitting that bill. Fast forward a decade, and here they were, besties with a backstory, still keeping those big-little sister vibes alive despite the miles between them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 With a quick flick, Liz turned down the tunes and switched off the stove, not about to let the cheese dip meet a fiery end. She poured herself a glass of wine and settled on a kitchen stool, hitting the speaker button to dive into whatever Chloe was bringing to the table tonight. Chloe\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s voice, thick with tears, filled the room, \u8220\'93My boyfriend dumped me!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Liz sighed, all too familiar with this rollercoaster. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Again? What did he say this time?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Chloe\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s voice, through sobs, spilled the latest drama, \u8220\'93We had another stupid fight about nothing! He called me a \u8216\'91bitch\u8217\'92 and told me he never wants to see me again!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Liz, steady as ever, tried to offer some clarity, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He doesn\u8217\'92t treat you very well. You two have broken up so many times. Chloe, maybe it\u8217\'92s best this way. I don\u8217\'92t understand why you always go back to him.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Chloe\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s reply was tinged with that mix of defiance and vulnerability, \u8220\'93Because he loves me, and I love him.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Liz, the eternal patient listener, gently probed, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Really? Do you really love him, Chloe? Do you really think he loves you the way he treats you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Chloe hesitated, then confessed, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know, Liz, but I don\u8217\'92t want to be alone.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Liz, firm yet full of care, advised, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Fear of being alone is not a reason to be with a man who is emotionally and verbally abusive. Please think twice before going back to him.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Sounding a tad more composed, Chloe lamented, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It doesn\u8217\'92t matter; he hates me. He\u8217\'92s never going to want me back anyway.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 But then, in true Chloe fashion, the mood flipped instantly, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, Liz, let me call you back tomorrow. He\u8217\'92s calling me right now. I need to answer before he hangs up.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 And just like that, Chloe was off, leaving Liz chuckling into her wine. There was something so predictably Chloe about these moments, like scenes from a teen drama Liz couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t help but find endearing. With a fond shake of her head, Liz jumped back into host mode, the night still full of promise.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Then came the sound of the front door opening, the first guest\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s arrival adding a new layer of anticipation to the evening. Who could it be stepping into Liz\u8217\'92s perfectly prepped poker paradise? The evening was just starting, and Liz was all in for whatever the night had to throw her way.<!$Scr_Ps::0>}}