{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red163\green101\blue209;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 High above Lake Michigan, }{\f0\fs26\b0 Sarah's gaze was drawn to the restless waves of Lake Michigan, mirroring the inner conflict she felt.}{ }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 As she watched the relentless waves, her fingers obsessively caressed the inexpensive pendant Evan had crafted for her\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a stark contrast to the expensive jewelry she often wore. }{\f1\fs26\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>Why do I continually choose this pendant over all others? Why do I love it so much? <!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 she wondered, feeling a tightness in her chest that seemed to squeeze the air from her lungs, rendering the luxury around her insignificant in comparison to the raw, emotional value of Evan's gift.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 As Sarah's fingers traced the contours of the silver-coated pendant, crafted from the toy glasses of a porcelain doll, its cool smoothness against her skin stirred a heartfelt response, echoing the emotional whirlwind of their first date. The touch of the antique token sent shivers through her, reminiscent of the night Evan unveiled its significance, binding it forever to their enchanting first encounter. Tears had welled in her eyes back then, marking the first time Sarah had ever been moved to such sentimentality. As she reminisced, a similar sensation coursed through her, piercing her cultivated stoic facade with a raw, emotional energy that echoed a time of uninhibited magic and possibility.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Forgoing her usual attire for battles of boardrooms and contracts, Sarah opted for a more subdued ensemble, a fashionable yet casual pair of slacks and a buttoned shirt, signaling a truce rather than a confrontation. Her typically restrained blonde hair now flowed freely in waves down to her shoulder blades, softening her appearance and revealing a glimpse of the woman who once chose to follow her heart. This departure from the norm underscored her internal struggle, contrasting sharply with the steely blue-gray eyes that usually hid behind glasses, eyes now exposed and reflecting a sea of tumultuous emotions.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Sarah grappled with profound regret, its complexity entangling her thoughts. As she sat there, a knot formed in her stomach. }{\f1\fs26\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>Should I have said no to his proposal and spared Evan this pain?<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  The question echoed in her mind, a haunting refrain. She mourned not just the hurt she caused Evan but also the divergence from her own life plan, a path once so clear. Her breath became shallow, a testament to the struggle within. The decision to marry him, once a departure from her ambitions, now felt like a misstep that had led them both to this moment of sorrow. Had she chosen differently, perhaps the pain that now filled the room, as tangible as the air they breathed, might have never existed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 The thought of confronting Evan's gaze filled her with dread. Known for his perpetual optimism, Evan's disposition was a constant sunrise, his anger an eclipse she had never witnessed. To see such a light dimmed by resentment or pain was a scenario Sarah could not bear. It was this fear, more than any other, that had driven her to leave a departing note\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a silent retreat instead of a face-to-face farewell.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Sarah was intimately aware of Evan's nature: his inherent kindness, eternal optimism, and his tendency to seek solitude as a refuge for healing rather than expressing his despair outwardly. His retreats, whether to the gym or his secluded cabin nestled in the tranquility of nature, were his ways of regaining strength, favoring quiet reflection over confrontation. Yet, a question lingered in her mind, }{\f1\fs26\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>Why am I so afraid to look into Evans\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes?<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  It wasn't just guilt that held her back; the fear ran deeper, touching a place in her heart she hadn't dared to explore.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 A glance towards Liz, who was intently reviewing the document that symbolized the closure of a significant chapter, provided Sarah a momentary solace. Liz's gentle smile of understanding acted as a soothing salve to Sarah's tense nerves. It was an unspoken recognition of the difficult choice Sarah had confronted, a decision fraught with deep considerations and inevitable repercussions. Although Liz might not have wholly agreed with Sarah's manner of departure from Evan, her empathy suggested an understanding of the necessity for their separation in ways Evan couldn't grasp. Sarah reassured herself, }{\f1\fs26\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>Evan always values Liz's insight. She will help him understand why this had to happen.<!$Scr_Cs::0>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Liz's gentle tap on Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s forearm served as a soft interjection, asking for Evan's final review of the documents. This small gesture briefly bridged the gap that had formed between them. "Evan, everything looks alright to me. Can you please double-check? I want to make sure it meets your expectations and that I didn't overlook anything," Liz said. Her request, aimed at ensuring procedural accuracy, carried a deeper resonance, acknowledging the finality looming over them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 At that moment, as Sarah observed Evan navigating the contract without her for the first time, an unexpected guilt washed over her. She had always somewhat seen Evan as innocently unaware of the world's mundane realities, almost childlike in his dependence on her for guidance through life's tedious yet crucial tasks. This new perspective of him, tackling responsibilities alone, sparked a complex emotion within her. She worried, }{\f1\fs26\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>How will he function without me? Will he be alright without me?.<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  The sight of Evan, so determined yet so out of his element, underscored the significant change their lives were undergoing. Despite her swirling emotions, the knowledge that Liz would be there for Evan, guiding him as she once did, provided a slight, albeit significant, solace amidst the storm of her thoughts.}}