{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Liz\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s husband of eight years, Joe, emerged from his man-cave in the basement, his presence filling the room with a sense of warmth and anticipation for the night ahead. \u8220\'93How\u8217\'92s it going, man? Good to see you!\u8221\'94 he boomed, clasping Evan in a handshake that was both firm and welcoming, a testament to their longstanding camaraderie.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Joe Bennett\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s entrance is as unmistakable as his character; a man who carries the aura of a modern-day Paul Bunyan. Standing at an imposing 6\u8217\'921\u8221\'94, his broad shoulders and powerful arms speak volumes of his hard labor as a foreman. His reddish-brown curly hair and matching full beard frame a face that commands attention, while his piercing blue eyes, thoughtful and observing, reveal a man of depth. Dressed in his practical work attire of jeans, sturdy boots, and plaid shirts, Joe\u8217\'92s presence is both commanding and comforting. With a personality that blends toughness with loyalty, his respect is earned through mutual regard. Joe\u8217\'92s sarcastic humor and occasional moodiness do little to mask his deep adoration for Liz and his unwavering loyalty to friends. A lover of professional sports and off-roading adventures in his 4x4 pickup, Joe\u8217\'92s simple pleasures and dreams mirror his straightforward, no-nonsense approach to life.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Liz, amidst her bustling preparations, paused as the doorbell\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s chime echoed through the house. It was a familiar ritual, yet always a moment filled with anticipation. \u8220\'93That must be Alicia and Abe. Evan, can you answer the door for me?\u8221\'94 she called out, her voice threading through the air with a blend of command and warmth.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 True to form, Alicia and Abe, an African-American couple known for their blend of sophistication, intellect, and grace, stood at the threshold. Liz always left her door unlocked for the poker party guests, yet the Robinsons, adhering to their conservative values, always rang the doorbell, viewing it as the respectful approach.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Dr. Alicia Robinson, her presence immediately noted for her poised elegance and commanding aura. In her mid-50s, Alicia carries herself with the confidence of someone who has faced life\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s challenges head-on and emerged victorious. Her attire, always impeccable, speaks of her refined taste, often favoring stylish yet professional outfits that complement her role as a highly respected OB/GYN. Alicia\u8217\'92s rich, black hair frames her face, highlighting her expressive brown eyes that flicker with intelligence and warmth. Her stature, neither imposing nor meek, exudes a natural authority.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Liz\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s relationship with Alicia evolved from a professional one into a deep friendship. Initially, Liz sought Alicia\u8217\'92s expertise as an OB/GYN specializing in fertility due to Liz\u8217\'92s struggles with getting pregnant and experiencing multiple miscarriages. Despite the ongoing fertility challenges Liz and Joe faced, the bond between Liz and Alicia grew stronger. Their connection transcended the doctor-patient dynamic, with Alicia becoming a significant source of support and friendship for Liz, marking a shift from medical guidance to personal camaraderie.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Dr. Abe Robinson, a philosophy professor with a towering presence at 6\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'924\u8221\'94, carries himself with a dignified ease that commands respect. His dark brown eyes, framed by studious glasses, reflect a depth of knowledge and understanding, mirroring his intellectual pursuits. His black hair, always neatly trimmed, and his preference for suits and ties, even in casual settings, underscore his professional demeanor. Speaking in a slow, thoughtful manner, Abe\u8217\'92s voice adds weight to his words, making even the most mundane topics seem profound. His sophisticated delivery could elevate a simple reading into a philosophical discourse.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan greeted Abe and Alicia with a handshake, respecting their preference for a more formal acknowledgment. The exchange was brief but filled with mutual respect and understanding. As they made their way into the kitchen, Joe joined the group, his larger-than-life personality a stark contrast to the quiet dignity of the Robinsons.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 With his larger-than-life presence, Guido, strided into Liz\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s home, the very picture of exuberance and flamboyance. His bulky frame, muscles honed from hours spent in the gym. Draped in gold jewelry that catches the light, his expensive Rolex glinting, Guido\u8217\'92s sun-kissed skin suggests leisure time spent as meticulously as his investments. His boisterous laugh, echoed through the room, brings a vibrancy that\u8217\'92s uniquely his. }
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Guido and Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s friendship might seem unexpected at first glance, contrasting Evan\u8217\'92s more reserved demeanor with Guido\u8217\'92s larger-than-life presence. From their freshman year as dorm roommates, they\u8217\'92ve shared an unbreakable bond despite their differences. Evan, always thoughtful and composed, finds a counterbalance in Guido\u8217\'92s exuberant and assertive personality. Their connection defies the typical friendship model, showcasing a profound understanding and acceptance of each other\u8217\'92s contrasting qualities.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Guido\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s voice, a rich blend of Joey Tribbiani\u8217\'92s charm and Andrew Dice Clay\u8217\'92s edge, carried a streetwise authenticity. To some, Guido\u8217\'92s demeanor bordered on arrogance, a trait he wore as a badge of honor, considering it acknowledgment of his unapologetic approach to life. Yet, beneath the surface, Liz saw a different Guido. To Liz, he was like a mischievous younger brother, his brashness a fa\u231\'E7ade masking a depth and loyalty seen by few. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Although Alicia and Guido verbally sparred from time to time, they maintained boundaries, respecting Liz and Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s fondness for them both, ensuring their bickering never overshadowed the warmth of their gatherings.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hey everybody! The Guido is here! I hope you all brought your money because I am feeling lucky tonight!\u8221\'94 His voice filled the space, a blend of enthusiasm and challenge that was uniquely his.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Liz\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s response to Guido\u8217\'92s entrance was as warm and embracing as ever. \u8220\'93Guido, come give your big sis a hug!\u8221\'94 she exclaimed, her affection for him undiminished by his flamboyant entrance. Guido\u8217\'92s response was equally exuberant, lifting Liz in a whirlwind of affection that left her laughing and slightly breathless.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Joe, ever the eager participant, was the first to claim his spot at the poker table. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Let the games begin!\u8221\'94 he declared, his voice a mix of excitement and challenge, setting the stage for an evening of camaraderie, competition, and revelation.}}