{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Joe emerged from the basement, his presence filling the room with a sense of warmth and anticipation for the night ahead. "How's it going, man? Good to see you!" he boomed, clasping Evan in a handshake that was both firm and welcoming, a testament to their longstanding camaraderie.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Liz, amidst her bustling preparations, paused as the doorbell's chime echoed through the house. It was a familiar ritual, yet always a moment filled with anticipation. "That must be Alicia and Abe. Evan, can you answer the door for me?" she called out, her voice threading through the air with a blend of command and warmth.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 True to form, Alicia and Abe stood at the threshold, their appearance always a blend of sophistication and warmth. Alicia's presence was commanding, her career as a respected OB/GYN and fertility expert lending her an aura of authority. Abe, with his multiple PhDs and the demeanor of a seasoned philosophy professor, complemented her perfectly. His suit and tie were not just attire but a symbol of his thoughtful approach to life, his slow, deliberate speech patterns turning every word into a profound statement.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan greeted them with a handshake, respecting their preference for a more formal acknowledgment. The exchange was brief but filled with mutual respect and understanding. As they made their way into the kitchen, Joe joined the group, his larger-than-life personality a stark contrast to the quiet dignity of the Robinsons.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Guido's arrival shattered the calm like a wave crashing against the shore. His larger-than-life presence was announced not just by the door swinging open but by the energy he brought into the room. "Hey everybody! The Guido is here! I hope you all brought your money because I am feeling lucky tonight!" His voice filled the space, a blend of enthusiasm and challenge that was uniquely his.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Liz's response to Guido's entrance was as warm and embracing as ever. "Guido, come give your big sis a hug!" she exclaimed, her affection for him undiminished by his flamboyant entrance. Guido's response was equally exuberant, lifting Liz in a whirlwind of affection that left her laughing and slightly breathless.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 As the group settled, the atmosphere was one of relaxed anticipation, the warmth of friendship and the thrill of the game mingling in the air. Joe, ever the eager participant, was the first to claim his spot at the poker table. "Let the games begin!" he declared, his voice a mix of excitement and challenge, setting the stage for an evening of camaraderie, competition, and revelation.}}