{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red0\green149\blue223;\red130\green49\blue77;\red170\green64\blue101;\red76\green76\blue76;\red208\green78\blue124;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\fi-11794832\li16997696\lin16997696}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \sa60\sb240\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs32\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_H::2>Scene Profile:<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs32\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_H::2>Scene Title:}{\f2\fs32\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> Poker Host Liz Breaks For Chloe<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::3>Summary:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 Liz is bustling with the joy of party preparations when Chloe Collette, her dear friend from St. Louis, calls unexpectedly, likely over personal troubles. Liz, always eager to support Chloe, halts her work to console her. Chloe, distressed by boyfriend issues, finds a willing ear in Liz. The call, although interrupting, is a cherished connection for Liz, who values their friendship deeply, reminding her of the bonds that withstand distance and time.<!$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::3>Leading Context:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 Liz hosts a monthly poker party that includes her brother Evan, his friend Guido, her husband Joe, her gynecologist and friend Alicia, and her husband Abe. This scene happens before the guests arrive, while Liz is performing typical host like activities. For example, preparing snacks, setting tables, ensuring the fridge is stocked with drinks, etc.<!$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::3>Setting:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 - Location:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> Liz's home in Glenview Illinois,<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 - Time:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> Early evening.<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 - Weather/Environment:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> Cool, comfortable.<!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::3>Characters Present:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 - Main Characters:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> Liz, Chloe<!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::3>Character Emotional State:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 - Liz:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> Liz loves to host and is embracing the joyful feeling she has while preparing for a fun night playing poker with her friends and family. When her friend Chloe calls, although she knows that there's probably going to be drama headed her way, she is not bothered as she cherishes any time she can speak to her friend living in St. Louis.<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 - Chloe:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> I will be providing a detailed character profile later for Chloe who will eventually become Evan's love interest and the primary protagonist later in the book. This is the first scene in which we begin to trickle in her presence in the book. This is a short scene with minimal dialogue. But what we learn about Chloe in this scene is that she is very emotional and frequently reaches out to Liz when she is upset.<!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::3>POV:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> Third person limited, deep (focusing on Liz)<!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::3>Dialogue Focus:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> Moderate<!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::3>Use of Internal Dialogue:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> Minimal<!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::3>Objectives/Goals:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::6>}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li576\fi-216\sa60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 This scene introduces Chloe on a small scale. A few tidbits of information will be given about Chloe. Chloe such a big character, I plan on trickling in her information to the reader across several scenes and chapters. In this scene will see her more chaotic nature.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 The readers will also be shown one aspect of the relationship between Liz and Chloe and the affection and patience Liz has for her sometimes troublesome friend.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 The scene also builds upon Liz's character showing how much she values time with friends and family and considers hosting parties and consoling friends labors of love. <!$Scr_Ps::6>}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::3>Notes:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 This document is the scene profile for the upcoming scene we will be working on together. This document is only to be used as a reference. Do not write the scene at this time. In a separate prompt, I will provide instructions and see components to assist you in building a compelling scene. <!$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6}