{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 ComicSansMS-Italic;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f5\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f6\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}{\f7\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red170\green85\blue0;\red130\green49\blue77;\red170\green64\blue101;\red208\green78\blue124;\red186\green124\blue93;\red76\green76\blue76;\red139\green93\blue0;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_H::2>Meticulously review the information and strictly follow the instructions from the attached screen profile to write a compelling beginning to this scene using the notes and dialogue provided below from the plot/action section. Once completed, we will move on to the middle part of the scene, and then the end of the scene.<!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs32\b1\i0\cf5 Scene Title:}{\f3\fs32\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> The Last Kiss<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch \f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf6
\par\plain {\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 Plot/Action:<!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Ps::4>- Beginning:<!$Scr_Ps::4><$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sb120\ltrch\loch {\f5\fs22\b0\i1\cf8 [ Improve the first narrative paragraphs below. ]<!$Scr_Ps::5><$Scr_Ps::6>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf9 Evan returned to the conference room after his brief consultation with his attorney. Liz and Sarah were engaging in a farewell hug when Evan entered the conference room, causing the hug to end. Liz could see Evan was in no mood to hug, so she gave him a comforting touch on the back as she left the conference room, closing the door behind her.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf9 Sarah returned to her seat across the table from Evan, as he returned to his seat. Sarah was determined to remain stoic, a trait she had been practicing since childhood. The silence was deafening as Evan glared at Sarah across the table, while Sarah remained neutral in her expression awaiting Evan's questions.<!$Scr_Ps::6>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f7\fs26\b1\cf10 <$Scr_Cs::7>Sarah<!$Scr_Cs::7>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f6\fs26\b0\i1\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::8>(Matter-of-factly)<!$Scr_Cs::8>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 : "What do you want to know, Evan?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f6\fs26\b0\i1\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::8>[ Evan looked at Sarah's ring finger and felt a sharp pain as he noticed she was not wearing her wedding ring. ]<!$Scr_Cs::8>}
\par\plain {\f7\fs26\b1\cf10 <$Scr_Cs::7>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::7>}{\f6\fs26\b0\i1\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::8> (Irritated and frustrated)<!$Scr_Cs::8>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 : "I want to know everything. I want to know why you left me when everything was fine. I want to know why you refused to talk to me for three months. I want to know why you couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t at least wait until after the divorce before taking off your wedding ring. My attorney told me you\u8217\'92re only using your maiden name now. None of this makes any sense to me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f7\fs26\b1\cf10 <$Scr_Cs::7>Sarah<!$Scr_Cs::7>}{\f6\fs26\b0\i1\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::8> (Trying to convince)<!$Scr_Cs::8>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 : "Things weren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t fine. We are on different paths. We have different goals. Can\u8217\'92t you see that, Evan?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f7\fs26\b1\cf10 <$Scr_Cs::7>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::7>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f6\fs26\b0\i1\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::8>(Remaining unconvinced)<!$Scr_Cs::8>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 : "I don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t see anything we couldn\u8217\'92t have worked out. We were getting along great. Maybe our love life wasn\u8217\'92t what it was like in college, but it was still highly active. The business we built together is thriving. The foundation we started does great work. We are making more money than we could ever spend. I think things were working quite well,\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f7\fs26\b1\cf10 <$Scr_Cs::7>Sarah<!$Scr_Cs::7>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 : "Why do you think we thrived in the bedroom and business? \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93}
\par\plain {\f7\fs26\b1\cf10 <$Scr_Cs::7>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::7>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f6\fs26\b0\i1\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::8>(Mildly sarcastic)<!$Scr_Cs::8>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 : "I don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t know. Because we love each other and do good work?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f7\fs26\b1\cf10 <$Scr_Cs::7>Sarah<!$Scr_Cs::7>}{\f6\fs26\b0\i1\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::8> (Trying to explain)<!$Scr_Cs::8>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 : "It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s because those were the only things we have in common. A successful business and an active sex life masked the underlying problems in our relationship.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f7\fs26\b1\cf10 <$Scr_Cs::7>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::7>}{\f6\fs26\b0\i1\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::8> (Doesn't understand)<!$Scr_Cs::8>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 : "What problems?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f7\fs26\b1\cf10 <$Scr_Cs::7>Sarah<!$Scr_Cs::7>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f6\fs26\b0\i1\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::8>(Trying to explain):<!$Scr_Cs::8>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  "We are completely different people. I don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t enjoy any of the things you enjoy and vice versa. While the company was growing and the foundation was getting off the ground, we were in sync, but not anymore.\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li720\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf9 <$Scr_Ps::9><!$Scr_Ps::9>}}