{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {It was a cold mid-November day in Chicagoland, a brisk wind announcing that winter was arriving early this year. Liz gripped the steering wheel, knuckles white against the faded leather. Every mile closer to Evan's house felt like a weight added to her chest. The clinic's sterile verdict echoed in her mind \endash  negative. All that hope, all that effort, reduced to a single, devastating word. A hot tear escaped, tracing a path down her cheek before she angrily swiped it away. She needed to be strong for Evan. He was dealing with his own struggles, the familiar, inexplicable exhaustion that dragged at him like an anchor.}
\par\plain {While Chloe's unscheduled calls often arrived with a flurry of manufactured drama, Liz's heart always skipped a beat when her best friend's name flashed on the screen. But today, with her own pain a crushing weight, she wasn't sure she could muster up the energy to field whatever crisis Chloe had cooked up this time. Yet, a deep yearning for connection, for even the echo of Chloe's effervescent spirit, made her hand hover over the answer button. She cleared her throat and hit answer, attempting her usual playful tone.}
\par\plain {"So, what's the latest drama, Chloe? Boyfriend problems again?" Even to her own ears, the lightness sounded forced.}
\par\plain {"Always," Chloe's familiar giggle came through. "And Rebecca is driving me crazy as usual, but that's not why I called. Liz...I just had this feeling...like I needed to check in." Chloe paused, her voice softening. "Is everything okay?"}
\par\plain {Liz's attempt at composure began to fray. "I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92m fine. Just driving over to help a friend who's feeling a bit under the weather. You know how private he is," she added quietly, hoping to steer the conversation away from Evan's health. Despite her best efforts, a tiny sob escaped, betraying her carefully constructed facade.}
\par\plain {Chloe's intuition cut through any pretense. "Liz," her tone was gentle, yet insistent, "I know there's more to it than that. I can feel your sadness all the way from St. Louis. Please, talk to me."}
\par\plain {The dam broke. Liz, who preached emotional honesty to everyone but herself, found no point in holding back with Chloe. Her intuition wouldn't be fooled, and her love felt like a balm Liz desperately needed. Sobs wracked her body, so intense the car trembled slightly under her shaking hands. "The IVF," she choked out, "It didn't work. It failed." And then, a different kind of surge \endash  an overwhelming wave of gratitude and love. "Chloe, how do you always know? I love you so much."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b1 Feedback}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sb180\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b1 Privacy Emphasis:}{ I hope the addition about Evan's privacy clarifies Liz's word choice.}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sa180\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b1 Chloe's Intuition:}{ The phrasing now emphasizes distance, showing Chloe's sensitivity even miles away.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {I'm excited to continue and tackle the scene's ending next! Let me know if you have any further adjustments in mind.}}