{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 ComicSansMS-Italic;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red170\green85\blue0;\red186\green124\blue93;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {I'm including my notes in brackets. Please refine the first part of the scene, taking my notes into consideration.}
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs26\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_H::2>Scene:<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {It was a cold mid-November day in Chicagoland, a brisk wind announcing that winter was arriving early this year. Liz gripped the steering wheel, knuckles white against the faded leather. Every mile closer to Evan's house felt like a weight added to her chest. The clinic's sterile verdict echoed in her mind \endash  negative. All that hope, all that effort, reduced to a single, devastating word. A hot tear escaped, tracing a path down her cheek before she angrily swiped it away. She needed to be strong for Evan. He was dealing with his own struggles, the familiar, inexplicable exhaustion that dragged at him like an anchor.}
\par\plain {While Chloe's unscheduled calls often arrived with a flurry of manufactured drama, Liz's heart always skipped a beat when her best friend's name flashed on the screen. But today, with her own pain a crushing weight, she wasn't sure she could muster up the energy to field whatever crisis Chloe had cooked up this time. Yet, a deep yearning for connection, for even the echo of Chloe's effervescent spirit, made her hand hover over the answer button. She cleared her throat and hit answer, attempting her usual playful tone.}
\par\plain {"So, what's the latest drama, Chloe? Boyfriend problems again?" Even to her own ears, the lightness sounded forced.}
\par\plain {"Always," Chloe's familiar giggle came through, tinged with genuine concern. "And Rebecca is driving me crazy as usual, but that's not why I called. Liz... I just had this feeling...like I needed to check in." Chloe paused, her voice softening. "Is everything okay?"}
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b0\i1\cf5 <$Scr_Ps::1>[ I trimmed a small portion of dialogue above, other than that I like everything up to this point. In the following paragraph, readers are likely to be confused when Liz says she's driving to " help a friend" when in fact she's driving to help Evan. An important point in character development and seen plot lines is to understand that Evan is a very private person. We must be explicit here and explained to the reader that this is the reason that Liz use the word "friend" instead of brother. This also will prevent the conversation to moving toward Evan, because we do not want to tie Chloe to Evan in any direct way at this point.]<!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {Liz's attempt at composure began to fray. "I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92m fine. Just driving over to help a friend who's feeling a bit under the weather." Despite her best efforts, a tiny sob escaped, betraying her carefully constructed facade.}
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\i1\cf5 <$Scr_Ps::1>[ }{\f2\fs22\i1\cf5 I know I don't have a character profiled for Chloe yet, but this is not the words she would use "Your sadness... I can feel it across the miles."}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\i1\cf5 She might say, "I can feel it all away from St. Louis" or "I can sense it from hundreds of miles away" for similar. Rewrite at least that portion of the dialogue.}{\f2\fs22\i1\cf5 ]<!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {Chloe's intuition cut through any pretense. "Liz," her tone was gentle, yet insistent, "I know there's more to it than that. Your sadness... I can feel it across the miles. Please, talk to me."}
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b0\i1\cf5 <$Scr_Ps::1>[ I feel the scene is missing an important element. We need the reader to understand that while Liz does encourage emotional honesty, she often does not practice what she preaches. But with Chloe, there was no point in holding back. She'll allow herself to cry in front of Chloe, partly because Chloe can see through any attempt to suppress her tears, and more importantly, her bombs Chloe is so strong that she feels safe exposing her feelings.]<!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {The dam broke. Liz, who preached emotional honesty to everyone but herself, couldn't hold back the floodgate of tears any longer. Sobs wracked her body, so intense the car trembled slightly under her shaking hands. "The IVF," she choked out, "It didn't work. It failed." And then, a different kind of surge \endash  an overwhelming wave of gratitude and love. "Chloe, how do you always know? I love you so much."}
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\i1\cf5 <$Scr_Ps::1>[ Let's get the first part of the scene treat first before we craft the end of the scene.]<!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch }