{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red186\green124\blue93;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f1\fs22\i1\cf4\fi-667\li960\lin960}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4\fi-667\li960\lin960}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs22\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0>I've included my comments in brackets []. Please rewrite the scene taking my comments into account.}
\par\plain \f1\fs22\i1\cf4
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\i1\cf4 [  I like to integrate timeline and weather into the scene. Something like ..."It was a cold mid-November day in Chicagoland. A brisk wind announcing that winter will be arriving early this year." Your first paragraph is excellent, either integrate this time and weather element, or insert it as a standalone paragraph or somewhere in the scene. I usually like to tie the weather in with the mood of the scene, the timeline is aslo relevant for other reasons. ]<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {Liz gripped the steering wheel, knuckles white against the faded leather. Every mile closer to Evan's house felt like a weight added to her chest. The clinic's sterile verdict echoed in her mind \endash  negative. All that hope, all that effort, reduced to a single, devastating word. A hot tear escaped, tracing a path down her cheek before she angrily swiped it away. She needed to be strong for Evan. He was dealing with his own struggles, the familiar, inexplicable exhaustion that dragged at him like an anchor.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs22\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\i1\cf4 [ I think this paragraph should change to make clear the following points.}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li720\fi-500\sa120\sb120\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs22\i1\cf4 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs22\i1\cf4 While Chloe's unscheduled call's usually brought with them overly dramatic crisis, Liz always lit up whenever Chloe called her. However, it's important for the reader to understand that this is one rare occasion, where Liz wasn't sure that she had the energy to deal with Chloe's, often manufactured drama, when she was suffering from her own real drama.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs22\i1\cf4 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs22\i1\cf4 However, the reader will see that Liz decides to put on a brave face, attempt to hide her distress and answer Chloe as she normally would. It will be very difficult for Liz to ever not answer Chloe's phone call to to her affection For Chloe.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs22\i1\cf4 ]<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {The phone buzzed, the ringtone jarring her from her thoughts. Chloe Collette. Liz hesitated. Chloe's bubbly energy always lifted her spirits, but right now, she couldn't feign lightness. Still, the yearning for a familiar voice, a sliver of comfort, won out. She cleared her throat and hit answer.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs22\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\i1\cf4 [ This paragraph is good.]<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {"So, what's the latest drama, Chloe? Boyfriend problems again?" Liz attempted a playful tone, but it felt brittle even to her own ears.}
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0>[ Rebecca is always called Rebecca, not Becky. I tweaked the wording a little bit, feel free to improve upon it..]<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {"Always," Chloe's light giggle emerged, but there was an undercurrent of concern. "And Rebecca is is beying annoying as usual, but that's not why I called. I don't know how to describe it, but I felt like... like you needed a friend." She paused, delicately probing. "Are you alright?"}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 [ Let's rewrite this paragraph considering the following.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 Let's not have Liz sobbing just yet. We want our readers to get a feel for just how intuitive Chloe is. While there is a subtle undertone of sadness to Liz's voice, a less intuitive friend would consider it that she has worry for her friend that is ill. Chloe on the other hand knows it's more than that.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 It's important for further plot points for the reader to understand that the reason she uses the word "friend" instead of Evan or brother, is because Evan is a very private person and only Guido Liz, Sarah and Evan's mother know about these issues. You don't have to be specific about who knows, but it is important to the that the readers understand that Evan is a private person and Liz respects his privacy. Also, readers may get confused if Liz uses the word friend one really her brother.]<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {Liz's composure, already frayed, began to unravel. "I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92m fine. Just driving over to help a friend who's feeling a bit under the weather." A sob choked her words, a traitorous sound she'd been desperately holding back.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs22\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\i1\cf4 [ I change the dialogue. Feel free to improve upon it.]<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {"Liz," Chloe's tone was soft, insistent, "I know it's more than that. I can feel your pain.. Please, talk to me."}
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0>[ I change the dialogue. Feel free to improve upon it.  I think it's important that we enhance the narrative in this paragraph. Consider the following.}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li720\fi-500\sa120\sb120\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 While Liz always encourages others to share it their feelings and not hold it in, she is guilty of often holding in her pain so as not to burden others.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 Chloe is one of the few people that she will cry in front of. I want the reader to begin to get a feeling just how strong Chloe and liz's bond is.<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 ]}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {The dam broke. Sobs wracked Liz's body, so intense the car trembled slightly under her shaking hands. "The IVF," she choked out, "It didn't work. It failed." And then, a different kind of surge \endash  overwhelming gratitude and love. "Chloe, how do you always know? I love you so much."}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs22\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0>[ We'll need an end to the scene, but let's hold off on that for now let's get the first part of the scene drafted. ]<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch }