{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red186\green124\blue93;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {It was a cold mid-November day in Chicagoland, a brisk wind announcing that winter was arriving early this year. Liz gripped the steering wheel, knuckles white against the faded leather. Every mile closer to Evan's house felt like a weight added to her chest. The clinic's sterile verdict echoed in her mind \endash  negative. All that hope, all that effort, reduced to a single, devastating word. A hot tear escaped, tracing a path down her cheek before she angrily swiped it away. She needed to be strong for Evan. He was dealing with his own struggles, the familiar, inexplicable exhaustion that dragged at him like an anchor.}
\par\plain {While Chloe's unscheduled calls often arrived with a flurry of manufactured drama, Liz's heart always skipped a beat when her best friend's name flashed on the screen. But today, with her own pain a crushing weight, she wasn't sure she could muster up the energy to field whatever crisis Chloe had cooked up this time. Yet, a deep yearning for connection, for even the echo of Chloe's effervescent spirit, made her hand hover over the answer button. She cleared her throat and hit answer, attempting her usual playful tone.}
\par\plain {"So, what's the latest drama, Chloe? Boyfriend problems again?" Even to her own ears, the lightness sounded forced.}
\par\plain {"Always," Chloe's familiar giggle came through. "And Rebecca is driving me crazy as usual, but that's not why I called. Liz...I just had this feeling...like I needed to check in." Chloe paused, her voice softening. "Is everything okay?"}
\par\plain {Yes, your tweak with "keenly intuitive Chloe" works perfectly! It's grammatically correct and emphasizes Chloe's unique sensitivity. Here's how the whole passage looks now:}
\par\plain {Liz's attempt at composure began to fray. "I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92m fine. Just driving over to help a friend who's not feeling well." Despite her best efforts, a hint of sadness crept into her voice, a subtle tremor that likely wouldn't be detected by anyone but Chloe.}
\par\plain {Liz always respected Evan's intensely private nature, even though she often wished he'd open up more. This was why she used the generic term "friend" \endash  even with someone as close as Chloe, discussing Evan's health struggles felt like a betrayal of his trust.}
\par\plain {Chloe's keene intuition cut through any pretense. "Liz," her tone was gentle, yet insistent, "I know there's more to it than that. I can feel your pain all the way from St. Louis. Please, talk to me."}
\par\plain {The dam broke. Sobs wracked Liz's body, a release of pent-up pain and disappointment too heavy to bear alone. While she encouraged honesty and emotional vulnerability in others, she rarely practiced it herself.  Sparing those she loved from her own burdens was a reflex, but with Chloe, there was no point. Her keen intuition wouldn't be fooled, and her love felt like a balm Liz desperately needed.  "The IVF," she choked out, "It didn't work. It failed. I'm never going to be a mom!" And then, a different kind of surge \endash  an overwhelming wave of gratitude and love. "Chloe, how do you always know when something\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s wrong? I love you so much.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs22\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0>To end the scene, we first start with Chloe's response. Here's what we need to include.}
\par\plain \f1\fs22\i1\cf4
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\i1\cf4 1. As will find out in future scenes, Chloe cries at the drop of a hat. However here we don't have to make that explicit statement. We should probably say something like "Liz's tears brought Chloe's tears." Maybe even add something poetic, like "their bond strong a sisterhood in grief". I'm open to anything, mostly, I want the reader to get a feeling of how to well these two are bonded both in a sisterhood as well as friendship. Although they are not biological sisters, they have a big sister little sister energy about them. We mentioned that in earlier scene, so we don't have to be so explicit here.}
\par\plain \f1\fs22\i1\cf4
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\i1\cf4 2. Normally, I'm heavy dialogue over narrative. Sometimes too much so. Instead, after you describe Chloe's tearful bonding, just describe what the next several dialogues conversation must be like. Here is what I see would be spoken about. Chloe would say something like "I love you too, I miss you so much. I wish I could there to give you a hug." And Liz would return similar words of affection.}
\par\plain \f1\fs22\i1\cf4
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\i1\cf4 3. Then we switch the energy as the tears work themselves out. As Liz pulls into Evan's driveway, we can return to dialogue and have her energy return to a more positive note. She'll say something to the effect like. "Why don't you come up for a visit? I'll buy the plane ticket?" Chloe will respond with something like, "I wish I could, but with a jealous boyfriend that doesn't let me go anywhere, and Rebecca always needing help with the kids, and a full workload, I just don't have the time to get away." Then have her invite Liz. "Can you make it down here for girls weekend together?"}
\par\plain \f1\fs22\i1\cf4
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\i1\cf4 4. Now this point, most the tears have gone there's a little bit of excitement at the thought of actually seeing each other since they haven't seen each other in a long time. Liz' own it and say \endash  I would love that. Problem is, now that I'm an owner, and not just an employee, it's hard to get away. But let me think about it.}
\par\plain \f1\fs22\i1\cf4
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\i1\cf4 Scene FYI: items three and four are important, because I will be adding another scene where Liz after a second failed IVF, travels to see Chloe and her sister Rebecca. That upcoming scene is in escalation of Chloe's "trickling in" and likely the last trickle before our chapter a few later we finally bring current full-time.}
\par\plain \f1\fs22\i1\cf4
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\i1\cf4 5. Then we end the scene and a bit of a high note, with Liz feeling much better after sharing her feelings with Chloe, the emotional bond they engaged in, and then the hopeful feeling of seeing her friend who she is not seen in a long time. Liz simply says something like I am at my friends not house and I got a go thank you so much for calling. They exchanged loving goodbyes. You can keep the last paragraph as all narrative or dialogue, that's up to you}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\i1\cf4 <!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch 
\par\plain 
\par\plain }