{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f3\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f5\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Bold;}{\f6\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red186\green124\blue93;\red76\green76\blue76;\red139\green93\blue0;\red163\green101\blue209;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs22\b1\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0>[ }{\f2\fs22\i1\cf4 The previous scenes and with these lines.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\ltrch\loch \f2\fs22\i1\cf4
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\i1\cf4 Laura pressed relentlessly. "Surely there's got to be someone catching your eye, anywhere?"}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\i1\cf4 Laura's plea seemed to echo through the crowd, reaching ears beyond their own. A figure lingering just out of sight felt a strange jolt of recognition in her words.}
\par\plain \f2\fs22\i1\cf4
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 Evan\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s fear and anxiety had all but taken over. He was fully prepared to pass by without approaching Maggie. However, Laura\u8217\'92s comment sparked the minuscule ounce of determination remaining in Evan. If he had thought about it for even one second, he would have continued walking. But as it were, he made his move.<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>Although Evan\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92s fear and anxiety had all but taken over. To the point, he was fully prepared to pass by without approaching Maggie. However, Laura\u8217\'92s comment sparked the minuscule ounce of determination remaining in Evan. If he had thought about it for even one second, he would have continued walking. But as it were, he made his move.<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0>]<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>[ Through out the scene, Especially when Evan is telling his story about the universe guiding him to Maggie. We like to know their mannerisms, their expressions, even little things to make the scene flow \endash  like they were sipping their wine or even eating food, etc. While my Dialogue is to be verbatim, feel free to add dialogue if you need to add in the server to pace the scene.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 ]<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f4\fs22\cf5
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f5\fs26\b1\i0\cf6 Evan }{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>( charming, confident, but not arrogant)<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 : \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Might I throw my hat in the ring?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f5\fs26\b1\i0\cf6 Laura }{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>(gleefully awaiting his response):<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93For what, exactly?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f5\fs26\b1\i0\cf6 Evan}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>(earnest and polite):<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Forgive me. I\u8217\'92m being rude. Allow me to introduce myself. My name is Evan.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f5\fs26\b1\i0\cf6 Laura }{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>(smiling wide, excited about what is unfolding):<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m Laura,\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f5\fs26\b1\i0\cf6 Evan}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>(turning toward Maggie, gazing into her eyes):<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And you are?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f5\fs26\b1\i0\cf6 Maggie}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>(polite, nervous):<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Maggie.\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \tx9000\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\ul\ulc0 \~\tab }
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f5\fs26\b1\i0\cf6 Evan}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>(compelling, mysterious):<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sorry for butting in. I overheard a bit of your chat and felt drawn to join. This will sound odd, but I believe destiny led me here. May I share why?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f5\fs26\b1\i0\cf6 Laura}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>(Exited):<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We are all ears!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f5\fs26\b1\i0\cf6 Evan}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>(}{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 Storyteller}{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 ):<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve experienced similar frustrations with online dating. Just last night, I told my sister and friends I\u8217\'92m done with online dating, and I\u8217\'92m going to try something new. I woke up this morning feeling inspired.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f5\fs26\b1\i0\cf6 Evan}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>(Storyteller):<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I chose to let fate decide who I\u8217\'92d meet today. Started my journey in Highland Park and just drove west, letting the cosmos guide me.\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f5\fs26\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::2>Evan}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>(}{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 Storyteller}{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 ):<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93When traffic ground to a halt, I saw it as a nudge to exit. At a gas station, a poster for the fall festival caught my eye. It felt like the universe was pointing me there.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f5\fs26\b1\i0\cf6 Evan}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>(}{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 Storyteller}{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 ):<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93With all these people around, I wondered how I'd know who I was looking for. But when I saw your beautiful red hair, almost the same color as the leaves this time of year. I considered it a sign that we were meant to meet tonight." }
\par\plain {\f5\fs26\b1\i0\cf6 Laura}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>(exuberant):<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s spectacular, isn\u8217\'92t it? Her red hair is all-natural. I keep saying she should trademark it!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f5\fs26\b1\i0\cf6 Evan}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>(sincere, inspired):<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s mesmerizing. Once I spotted you, I knew. The hard part was gathering the nerve to approach. Laura\u8217\'92s question seemed like the Universe giving me the final push.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f5\fs26\b1\i0\cf6 Maggie}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>(Friendly, but a tiny hint of skepticism):<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Quite the tale you\u8217\'92ve spun.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f5\fs26\b1\i0\cf6 Laura}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>(Excited):<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A captivating story, indeed!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f5\fs26\b1\i0\cf6 Server}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>(a pause in the scene):<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Can I get you anything?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f5\fs26\b1\i0\cf6 Evan}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>(confidence fading):<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I was just leaving, actually.\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \tx9000\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\ul\ulc0 \~\tab }
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f5\fs26\b1\i0\cf6 Evan}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>(}{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 confidence fading, wanting Maggie to feel safe and know he is legit}{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 ):<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I can feel my nerve slipping away, but before I go, I just want to leave this with you." He offers his business card. "There's a bit about me on our website. Maggie, if you're up for it, I'd really enjoy your company at the fall festival tonight. Laura, you're more than welcome to join us. You could be our chaperone! I'll swing back here in about 45 minutes, okay? If you decide it's a yes, great. If not, no hard feelings, and I hope you both have a wonderful evening regardless.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f5\fs26\b1\i0\cf6 Maggie}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>(sincere, tentative):<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You seem like a great guy, Evan. We\u8217\'92ll see. But I can\u8217\'92t promise anything. Life\u8217\'92s a bit chaotic for me right now.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f5\fs26\b1\i0\cf6 Evan}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>(sincere, persuasive):<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93My friend Guido is fearless when approaching women, but not me. I am way out of my comfort zone here. I guess I thought maybe there's a reason we crossed paths today. If you decide I'm not for you, that's completely fine. I conquered my hesitation to reach out, hoping you might do the same. How about giving it a shot for just one date? If we don't click, we part as friends after a fun night. Still, I'm optimistic it could lead to something more than that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f5\fs26\b1\i0\cf6 Evan}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 (}{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 sincere, humorous}{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 )}{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 :<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Think about it, Maggie. Instead of telling your friends tomorrow about some boring online date\u8220\'93 }{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>(Evan playfully stretches his arms up mimicking a big yawn)  <!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94I\u8217\'92m yawning just thinking about it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f5\fs26\b1\i0\cf6 Evan}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>(}{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 sincere, humorous}{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 ):<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Instead of boring them with yet another description of an uninteresting first date, you can tell them you had a great time at the fall festival with a man the Universe delivered right to your table! Not too many women get that kind of service, you know.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f5\fs26\b1\i0\cf6 Laura}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>(enthusiastically supporting Evan):<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He\u8217\'92s right! Women never get that kind of service!\u8220\'93}
\par\plain {\f5\fs26\b1\i0\cf6 Evan}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>(humorous, honest, humble): <!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93My courage has abandoned me. I\u8217\'92ll leave you two to enjoy your dinner. I\u8217\'92ll try and look as suave as possible as I make my exit.\u8221\'94 With one final, longing glance at Maggie, he added, \u8220\'93Fingers crossed you\u8217\'92re here when I return.\u8221\'94}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan walked off in a humorous stride, pretending to try to look cool. He stopped for a moment, turned around, smiled, and nodded his head yes in a way that silently suggested the question \endash  }{\f6\fs28\b0\i1\cf7 That\loch\af6\hich\af6\dbch\af6\uc1\u8217\'92s a pretty cool walk, isn\u8217\'92t it?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s attempt at humor worked fabulously, as both women laughed loudly and simultaneously shook their heads no. Evan pretended to be offended, pouted, slumped his shoulders, and trudged out of sight.}}