{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Once the dust had settled on the divorce paperwork and the lawyers had wrapped up with polite nods, Sarah and Liz were left in the quiet aftermath, just the two of them amid a sea of unsaid things.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Sarah broke the silence, her voice carrying a hint of worry. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You don\u8217\'92t hate me, do you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Liz looked at her, all softness. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why would I hate you, Sarah?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Sarah sighed, the burden of her choices heavy on her. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s just... with how tight you and Evan are, and him being this upset...\u8221\'94 She couldn't finish the thought, the guilt too much to bear.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I never wanted to hurt him. You get that, right?\u8221\'94 Sarah looked for some sign of understanding in Liz\u8217\'92s eyes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Liz\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s reply was gentle, yet firm. \u8220\'93Yes, I understand, and no, I don\u8217\'92t hate you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 A wave of relief passed through Sarah. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m guessing I\u8217\'92m not exactly popular at the office right now. They probably think I\u8217\'92m a monster.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Liz gave her a bit of insight. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Evan\u8217\'92s trying to stay strong, but everyone can see he\u8217\'92s hurting. It\u8217\'92s natural for them to pick sides.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Sarah felt defensive. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They never really took to me, even before all this.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Liz countered softly, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They just haven\u8217\'92t seen the real you, like Evan and I have. If they did, they\u8217\'92d feel differently.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Sarah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s gaze fell, lost in thought. \u8220\'93I regret the pain I\u8217\'92ve caused Evan. Part of me wonders if saying no to his proposal would\u8217\'92ve been kinder in the long run.\u8221\'94 She paused, haunted by the what-ifs.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Liz tried to steer her toward the positives. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You can\u8217\'92t get stuck in the past, Sarah. Remember the good things that came out of your marriage.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Good?\u8221\'94 Sarah looked up, a spark of curiosity in her eyes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The Vaughn Foundation, Sarah. Your drive for nonprofit work ignited Evan\u8217\'92s passion. The difference you\u8217\'92ve made together is undeniable,\u8221\'94 Liz pointed out, highlighting their achievements.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Sarah admitted, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Evan has his strengths, no doubt. He\u8217\'92s got a knack for managing projects and teams, something I could never match.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Liz agreed, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sure, but when it came to the day-to-day operations, you were unbeatable. He might miss your know-how, but he\u8217\'92ll get by.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Sarah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s concern was clear. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m worried about him, though. He\u8217\'92s clueless about the basics, like taxes or writing a check. Despite being good with numbers, managing money just isn\u8217\'92t his thing. I\u8217\'92m scared he might end up in trouble.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t fret. Evan\u8217\'92s not one to splurge, and I\u8217\'92m already helping him brush up on the essentials. He\u8217\'92ll pick up what he needs,\u8221\'94 Liz assured her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Sarah was earnest. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Thank you, Liz. Just promise me you\u8217\'92ll let me know if there\u8217\'92s anything you need. I can\u8217\'92t help but worry about him.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Liz smiled. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Trust me, I\u8217\'92ve had Evan\u8217\'92s back since we were kids. That\u8217\'92s not going to change now.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Sarah looked at Liz, her admiration clear. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If I could choose anyone to be like, it\u8217\'92d be you. You\u8217\'92re the most incredible woman I\u8217\'92ve ever met.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Liz was touched by her words. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That means a lot, Sarah. And you know, I think you\u8217\'92re pretty amazing yourself.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Their conversation ended with a hug, a simple act that spoke volumes of their respect and shared history, giving them a moment of peace amid the chaos. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <!$Scr_Ps::0>}}