{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>The Christmas Eve party buzzed with merriment, laughter, and music spilling out into the hallway. Evan lingered by the closed door, sharing a warm goodbye with Maggie. His forced smile faltered, a flicker of unease clouding his features. Regret tugged at him; Maggie had invited him to stay the night, and he respectfully declined under the guise of spending Christmas morning with his mother and Liz. The excuse held a grain of truth, but guilt settled over him like an unwelcome guest. He pushed the unsettling feelings aside for now, focusing on the moment.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s been a wonderful night, Maggie,\u8221\'94 Evan said, his eyes meeting hers. \u8220\'93I wish I could stay.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Maggie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face fell slightly. \u8220\'93I know,\u8221\'94 she replied, a trace of disappointment in her tone. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s okay. Christmas is family time.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 They shared a lingering kiss, a familiar warmth mingling with a bittersweet undercurrent. Evan broke away, guilt gnawing at him again. He waved goodbye, hurrying down the hallway towards the elevator, the cheerful facade he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d worn throughout the party beginning to crumble.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 The drive home was silent save for the soft hum of the car engine. The festive cheer of Maggie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s party gave way to an oppressive quiet, mirroring Evan\u8217\'92s internal turmoil. Images of the evening flashed through his mind: Maggie\u8217\'92s radiant smile, her newfound lightness as she reveled in the unexpected relief from her financial burdens. A pang of satisfaction warmed him, followed by a wave of unease.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Was it merely the circumstances of our relationship plan driving my scholarship gift? If we weren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t bound by this unusual situation, would I still be so inclined to ease her burdens? Would the same sense of obligation even exist? The answer remained frustratingly elusive.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 A makeshift courtroom materialized within his mind. Evan, stern-faced and weary, found himself perched on the elevated bench of the judge. Before him, split into two distinct personas, was himself.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Defense Attorney Evan rose first, his once hesitant voice now booming with conviction. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Your Honor,\u8221\'94 he addressed the jury (himself), \u8220\'93the evidence is irrefutable. Exhibit A: Maggie, on the verge of abandoning her culinary career due to financial hardship. Exhibit B: Maggie, post-scholarship, able to not only stay in school but thrive. My client\u8217\'92s actions were not only justified but undeniably noble!\u8221\'94 Laura and Guido\u8217\'92s voices echoed in support from the gallery, their words amplifying the defense\u8217\'92s argument.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Then, it was the prosecution\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s turn. \u8220\'93Noble!\u8221\'94 the prosecutor scoffed. \u8220\'93Is the defense serious? Such blatant hypocrisy! Your Honor, the defense attempts to paint a picture of nobility. But nobility is rooted in honesty, and there is nothing noble about lies and deception. We are not discussing a harmless surprise party, but the foundation of a relationship built on a false pretense. The defendant intentionally misled the woman he supposedly cares for. His misguided generosity cannot nullify the harm of his actions.\u8221\'94 A whisper from Liz bolstered the prosecution\u8217\'92s point: \u8220\'93All lies, big or small, erode trust, Evan.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 The internal courtroom pulsed with tension. The jury (Evan, the impartial observer within himself) struggled to reach a verdict. The defense pointed to Maggie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s radiant smile, her newfound hope. The prosecution countered, focusing on the inevitable day when their unusual relationship must end\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a day that promised heartbreak. As the arguments raged on, no clear verdict emerged. The jury was deadlocked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Exhaustion washed over him. Evan, as judge, called for a recess, the internal courtroom dissolving. Yet, the battle continued to linger within him, leaving behind only the bitter taste of guilt and the unsettling weight of an unresolved moral dilemma.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 That night, nestled in the familiar comfort of his own bed, Evan knew the true reason he hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t stayed over at Maggie\u8217\'92s was a guilt too heavy to ignore.<!$Scr_Ps::0>}}