{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red0\green149\blue223;\red130\green49\blue77;\red170\green64\blue101;\red76\green76\blue76;\red208\green78\blue124;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\fi-66271103\li95504204\lin95504204}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \sa60\sb240\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs32\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_H::2>Scene Profile:<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs32\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_H::2>Scene Title:}{\f2\fs32\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> Love, Annually Gets a Rulebook<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::3>Summary:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 Liz is alarmed by Evan\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s unconventional relationship strategy and, wanting to shield him and any potential partners, she proposes creating protective rules. Despite her reservations, she involves their poker night friends in crafting these guidelines, assigning each person the task of contributing one rule. This collaborative effort aims to safeguard both Evan and the women entangled in his plan, highlighting Liz\u8217\'92s protective nature and the supportive dynamic within their circle.<!$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::3>Leading Context:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 The previous scene was a crucial part of the book series. Previous scene was when Evan revealed his \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Love, Annually\u8221\'94 plan to his friends and family at the monthly poker game. During that scene, Liz was very resistant to Evan\u8217\'92s new relationship plan. Slowly her resolve weakened. The last scene ended with Liz walking away in silence, leaving the poker guests to speculate what she was going to do next.<!$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::3>Setting:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 - Location:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> Liz\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s home in Glenview Illinois,<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 - Time:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> Early evening.<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 - Weather/Environment:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> Cool, comfortable.<!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::3>Characters Present:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 - Main Characters:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> Liz, Evan, Guido, Joe, Alicia, Abe<!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::3>Character Emotional State:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 - Evan:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> At the start of the scene Evan is hopeful but nervous when Liz walks off without saying a word. His nervousness turns to hope and then excitement as Liz decides to support Evan as long as he follows rules that they\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92ll create in the scene. Evan is in no way resistant to Liz\u8217\'92s idea. He\u8217\'92ll do whatever he needs to do to please her. However, by the end of the scene he realizes how important these rules are and what a disaster his plan might\u8217\'92ve been without these rules and guidelines.<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 - Liz:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> While Liz thinks this is a terrible plan, she could see that Evan has his mind set on it. She reluctantly decided to support it conditionally. Concerned that Evan is going to make irreversible life decisions that he will one day regret, and that any woman that gets pulled into his plan might experience the same fate, she insists on establishing a set of rules and protective guidelines that Evan must adhere to. Her emotional state during the scene remains concerned and caring. The primary reason four Liz\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s support of Evan\u8217\'92s plan is that she has high hopes that he will actually find true love this way. <!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 - Alicia:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> Alicia has concerns but is willing to participate in establishing rules and guidelines for Evan\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s plan.<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 - Abe:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> Abe <!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f2\fs22\cf1 is emotionally neutral. Abe finds this all interesting and gladly participates in establishing rules and guidelines for Evan\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s plan.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 - Guido:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> While Guido still thinks that Evan should be more like him \endash  sleeping with a new girl as often as possible, he understands that\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s not Evan\u8217\'92s way. Given that, he actually likes Evan\u8217\'92s idea and thinks it\u8217\'92s worth a shot. Although he\u8217\'92s not one for rules and regulations, he trusts Liz\u8217\'92s judgment and does his best to assist in establishing these rules to benefit and protect Evan. <!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 - Joe:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> Joe is obedient to Liz and cooperates hoping the process will go fast so they can start playing poker.<!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8
\par\plain \f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::3>POV:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> Third person limited, deep (focusing on Evan)<!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::3>Dialogue Focus:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> Heavy<!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::3>Use of Internal Dialogue:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> Minimal<!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::3>Objectives/Goals:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::6>}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li576\fi-216\sa60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 This is a prominent scene in the book. The rules of the \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Love, Annually\u8221\'94 plan come into play throughout the book. This scene is vital in establishing those rules that will be modified by Evan\u8217\'92s eventual love interest \endash  Chloe.<!$Scr_Ps::6>}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::3>Notes:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 This document is the scene profile for the upcoming scene we will be working on together. This document is only to be used as a reference. Do not write the scene at this time. In a separate prompt, I will provide instructions and scope components to assist you in building a compelling scene or parts of scenes. <!$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6}