{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Maggie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s fork clattered against her plate, the bite of pasta abandoned mid-air. \u8220\'93Can you believe that just happened!?\u8221\'94 Her eyes were wide, mirroring her own astonishment.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Laura beamed, leaning in with gleeful excitement. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Absolutely! He seemed totally into you, Maggie. I was practically invisible.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 A shy smile flickered across Maggie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s lips. \u8220\'93Really caught me off guard. Guys always hit on you first until they find out you have a boyfriend. Did you buy that story he told?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Laura scoffed. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Totally bought it. What about you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Maggie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s smile faltered, her gaze shifting to the untouched napkin in her lap. \u8220\'93It sounded a bit far-fetched to me. He\u8217\'92s probably used it before.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Impossible!\u8221\'94 Laura countered, her voice laced with conviction. \u8220\'93The timing was too perfect. That story couldn\u8217\'92t have been ready-made.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 A flicker of doubt clouded Maggie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes. \u8220\'93Or he\u8217\'92s just really quick on his feet.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Laura leaned forward, her tone a mix of playful frustration and genuine encouragement. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why are you fighting this? So what if he did make it up? You have to give the guy credit for creativity. When was the last time a guy put in that much effort to get you on a date? I\u8217\'92d actually be more impressed if he made the story up. But I think the story was legit. I watched him closely, and he doesn\u8217\'92t strike me as a guy with a lie.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Maggie toyed with her napkin, a slight smile tugging at her lips. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I guess you\u8217\'92re right. That would be impressive either way. And he is pretty easy on the eyes.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Laura grinned, unable to contain her excitement. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Understatement of the year. The man is a knockout! Have you seen those muscles? We need to check his website.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 They devoured the rest of their meal in a flurry of whispered plans and excited research. Soon, their heads were close together as they scrolled through Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s website and a few additional social media profiles. Maggie\u8217\'92s initial hesitation faded further with each page they discovered. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Okay, he seems legit,\u8221\'94 Maggie admitted, a hint of relief in her voice. \u8220\'93Now I\u8217\'92m starting to feel safe about going to this thing.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Laura beamed. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93See? Now stop over-thinking it! You and this handsome stranger are going to have a great time at that festival.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Maggie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s smile faltered slightly, a last shred of doubt clinging to her. \u8220\'93But you and I were supposed to go to the festival.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You can\u8217\'92t be serious?\u8221\'94 Laura said with a playful scoff. \u8220\'93You see me all the time! It would be much more exciting for me if you went out with this guy and told me all about it when you got home.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Maggie bit her lip, a flicker of uncertainty crossing her features. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re not going to come with and chaperone?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Laura gave her a gentle nudge, her voice firm but encouraging. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hell no! You haven\u8217\'92t been out on a date in months. Have a good time! Forget about where it might lead. Isn\u8217\'92t it time you enjoyed just being in the moment?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Maggie sighed, her resolve crumbling. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I guess so. But I don\u8217\'92t see how it\u8217\'92s going to work. He lives in Highland Park. My car will never make it that far, and he\u8217\'92s not going to want to drive out here for the few hours a week I might be available.\u8221\'94 Her voice dropped to a whisper. \u8220\'93Even if it worked out, how long before he gets upset that I never have any time for him?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Laura\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hand landed on Maggie\u8217\'92s with a gentle squeeze. \u8220\'93Highland Park\u8217\'92s not that far. You\u8217\'92re giving me a headache,\u8221\'94 she said, her tone teasing but laced with determination. \u8220\'93Just give the guy a chance. Go out with him tonight and see how it goes. Don\u8217\'92t worry so much about tomorrow.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 A flicker of hope sparked in Maggie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes. \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re sure you won\u8217\'92t be upset? I feel bad you\u8217\'92ll be stuck at home.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Laura\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s smile widened, genuine excitement radiating from her. \u8220\'93More than okay. I insist. Let me know how it goes, and I\u8217\'92ll be there to pick you up. We\u8217\'92ll have all night to chat about it. I\u8217\'92m so excited for you!\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Ps::0>}}