{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f3\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Bold;}{\f4\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}{\f5\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red186\green124\blue93;\red139\green93\blue0;\red0\green135\blue216;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\f2\fs22\b0\i1\cf4\fi-480\li960\lin960}
{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'02\'01.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\f2\fs22\b0\i1\cf4\fi-480\li1920\lin1920}
{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid3\'02\'02.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\f2\fs22\b0\i1\cf4\fi-480\li2880\lin2880}
{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid4\'02\'03.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\f2\fs22\b0\i1\cf4\fi-480\li3840\lin3840}
{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid5\'02\'04.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\f2\fs22\b0\i1\cf4\fi-480\li4800\lin4800}
{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid6\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\f2\fs22\b0\i1\cf4\fi-480\li5760\lin5760}
{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid7\'02\'06.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\f2\fs22\b0\i1\cf4\fi-480\li6720\lin6720}
{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid8\'02\'07.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\f2\fs22\b0\i1\cf4\fi-480\li7680\lin7680}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs22\b1\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0>Scene Segment: (This scene segment encompasses the entire scene.) }
\par\plain \f2\fs22\b0\i1\cf4
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 [While the party is still going strong, Evan tells Maggie that he needs to leave a little early, because his mom is flying in from Florida to celebrate Christmas with him and Liz.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 \line Here are a few things to note when crafting this scene. These ideas can be implemented as subtly or as overtly as makes sense for your writing style and the overall narrative:}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li720\fi-270\sa120\sb120\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 1.	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 Uncomfortable Truth: In a traditional relationship dynamic, Evan would likely invite Maggie, his girlfriend, to spend Christmas with him and his mother. However, the constraints of their "Love, Annually" arrangement and his impending break-up plans make this impossible. Evan's discomfort stems from this unspoken reality.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 2.	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 Maggie's Perspective: Maggie likely wonders why she's not invited to Evan's Christmas gathering, but dismisses her curiosity. She might rationalize it, thinking it's too early in their relationship to meet his family. This keeps her oblivious to the true source of tension. <!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 ]}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0><!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 The party rages on inside, bursts of laughter and music reverberating through the apartment walls. Outside, in the hushed hallway, Evan and Laura stand before the closed apartment door. Evan's cheerful facade cracks slightly, a hint of unease etching its way onto his features. A wave of guilt washes over him; Maggie asked him to stay the night, and he had used the excuse of spending time with his mother and Liz. While the excuse is factually true, something deeper gnaws at him \endash  an intuition he pushes aside for the moment.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs26\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Maggie<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::3> (Understanding, but wishing Evan could stay the night): <!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::4>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This is been such a wonderful night. I wish you could sleep over and head out in the morning. I don't mind if you leave extra early. It's Christmas, and you spend that with your family.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::4>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs26\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::3> (Making excuses.): <!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::4>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I'd love to. But it's a long drive and I know Liz will want me there early.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::4>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <!$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 [ I don't think we need a lot of dialogue here, so create a narrative that has Evan and Maggie engaging in a typical good night kiss and exchanging of goodbyes. Of course this can be interlaced with Evan's mood transitioning from one of joy earlier in the night to one of guilt and uncertainty as he's about to question his motives on the way home ]<!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f3\fs26\b1\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan drove alone in his SUV after Maggie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Christmas Eve party was over. Maggie had asked Evan to stay the night, but Evan said he was scheduled for an early Christmas visit at his sister\u8217\'92s house. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 The Christmas Eve party would be categorized as a success. Maggie, Laura, and Evan had decided to keep the scholarship a secret. However, that didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t stop Laura and Maggie from celebrating. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan watched a new carefree Maggie enjoy the evening. For the first time since they met, Maggie seemed to be stress-free. She was free of worries about money, school, and work. Evan was glad he helped relieve much of Maggie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s stress, but it was a hollow pleasure. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 He questioned his motives. Evan wondered. If it weren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t for his relationship plan, would he give such a large gift to a girlfriend two months into their relationship? Evan felt he would have acted in exactly the same way regardless. However, there was no way he could be certain.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 He contemplated the possibility he was subconsciously trying to buy his way out of the guilt he was feeling about the deception of their relationship. Evan mentally jumped forward ten months to his scheduled breakup day with Maggie. He wondered if he would use his financial gifts as sources of rationalization to convince himself his relationship concept was successful.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan had inadvertently exposed an unforeseen flaw to his unique relationship strategy. When Evan conceived his plan, he had mistakenly thought that being a thoughtful, attentive, and generous boyfriend would alleviate him from any guilt related to the inherent deception.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 There was no way around it \endash  Evan was feeling guilty. While he did receive solace from the way he was improving Maggie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s life, it was in no way a remedy for his guilty conscience. Evan realized if he participated in this type of relationship, he would have to endure frequent inevitable waves of guilt. On that Christmas Eve night, feelings of guilt were the real reason why he wasn\u8217\'92t sleeping over at Maggie\u8217\'92s.<!$Scr_Ps::1>}}