{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>So there Evan was, smack in the middle of downtown Chicago, holed up in Sarah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s fancy lawyer\u8217\'92s office. The vibe was super quiet, which was weird considering how wild the weather was getting outside. You could see the gloomy clouds through the big window, kind of matching Evan\u8217\'92s mood because, yeah, he was dealing with his marriage ending. Everything in that room felt heavy, like the end of an era kind of heavy.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan kept flipping his gaze from the storm outside to those dreaded divorce papers on the table, and he couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t shake off this memory from when he was ten. Back then, his own parents were splitting up, and he made this big promise to himself that he\u8217\'92d never end up in that situation. But, life has a funny way of laughing at your plans, right? Here he was, doing exactly what he swore he wouldn\u8217\'92t. Breaking that promise felt like he was letting his younger self down big time. And losing Sarah? That was like a punch to the gut, but breaking his own childhood vow was the real kicker.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s a tall guy, athletic, with these hazel eyes that usually have this warm, inviting vibe. People are drawn to him not just because he looks good but because he\u8217\'92s got this big heart and always lends a hand when you need it. But there, in that office, his usual charm was nowhere in sight. He watched Sarah\u8217\'92s expensive lawyers swarm around his own, arguing over stuff that didn\u8217\'92t even matter anymore. Evan and Sarah had already figured out the big things; this was just a show for the lawyers to earn their keep, which was pretty annoying to watch.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Then there was Liz, busy with paperwork, probably sorting out the mess Sarah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s departure would make in their business. Evan couldn\u8217\'92t help but feel this mix of thankfulness and sadness looking at her. Liz was always there, picking up the pieces, and it just made him appreciate her even more, you know?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 But when Evan looked at Sarah, it was like a ton of bricks hit him. She looked so different, relaxed even, and it just screamed that their time together was done. Her hair wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t all tight and business-like; it was free, reminding him of the spark they had when they first met. It was like seeing a ghost of what could have been, making it hard for him to keep it together.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 He kept hoping Sarah would look at him, give him some kind of sign that what they had meant something. But she was lost in her own world, staring out that window, leaving Evan feeling even more alone. The silence was brutal, full of all the things they never said, all the answers he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d never get. It was like standing in the middle of a storm of his own feelings, with no idea how to find his way out. <!$Scr_Ps::0>}}