{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Bold;}{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}{\f5\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red76\green76\blue76;\red186\green124\blue93;\red139\green93\blue0;\red0\green135\blue216;\red0\green108\blue175;\red130\green49\blue77;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f5\fs32\b1\i0\cf9 <$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\plain \f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf4
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf4 <!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf4
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b0\i1\cf5 <$Scr_Ps::1>Scene Segment: ( This is the full scene)}
\par\plain \f2\fs22\b0\i1\cf5
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i1\cf5 [ We should start the scene, filling in our readers with the time gap, and updating them on the status of the relationship. Here are some points to consider when crafting the opening of this scene.}
\par\plain \f2\fs22\b0\i1\cf5
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i1\cf5 It\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s early December, approximately 5 weeks since Maggie and Evan\u8217\'92s \u8220\'93Love, Annually\u8221\'94 relationship \u8220\'93officially\u8221\'94 began. Keep in mind, we can\u8217\'92t use the term \u8220\'93Love, Annually\u8221\'94 until Chloe enters the story and names it. For now we have to be more generic in its description.}
\par\plain \f2\fs22\b0\i1\cf5
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i1\cf5 We want the reader to know that it has been a very comfortable beginning to the relationship. with two busy schedules, lazy each other enough to have gotten close and comfortable, like any couple in a committed relationship, yet they don\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92t see each other as much as they would like to. In Evan\u8217\'92s mind, this is the perfect combination. Although we don\u8217\'92t have to mention that necessarily.}
\par\plain \f2\fs22\b0\i1\cf5
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i1\cf5 The weather outside is ice cold. This is the first time that the reader will see inside Maggie\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s apartment. It\u8217\'92s a two-bedroom apartment shared by Laura and Maggie, it\u8217\'92s in an older three-story brick building. Provide a description of your choice when introducing this new location.}
\par\plain \f2\fs22\b0\i1\cf5
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i1\cf5 The narrative I provided, is from a rough draft. Replace it with your own. The dialogue, should be handled like you\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92ve been handling it in our collaboration. You keep the general context and purpose in mind, and improve the wording. If you stray too far, I\u8217\'92ll let you know.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i1\cf5 ]<!$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\ltrch\loch \f2\fs22\b0\i1\cf5
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 It was an ice-cold Sunday in the Chicagoland area. Laura was out Christmas shopping with her boyfriend, leaving Maggie and Evan the apartment to themselves.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Maggie and Evan were listening to Christmas music while snuggling on the couch. Evan noticed Maggie seemed a little down.<!$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs26\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::3>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::4>(Maggie\loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8217\'92s usually high-spirited and excited to be with Evan, her energy is low, he sees something is the matter. Note the use of the word \u8220\'93honey\u8221\'94 is meant to show the reader that at this stage of the relationship they are very comfortable with each other.):<!$Scr_Cs::4>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::5>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s the matter, honey?\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::5>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs26\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::3>Maggie<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::4>(Defeated, somber):<!$Scr_Cs::4>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::5>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93After this semester is over, I think I\u8217\'92m going to take a break from school for a couple of years,\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::5>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs26\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::3>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::4>(Quite confused):<!$Scr_Cs::4>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::5>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But you only have a year and a half left to graduate. Why would you stop now?\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::5>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs26\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::3>Maggie<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::4>(Unconvincingly, Laying out her reasons):<!$Scr_Cs::4>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::5>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m always stressed out, and I hardly ever get to see you. If I quit school for a while, we would get to see each other more often. Maybe I could even quit one of my jobs and relieve some stress. The heavy schedule is wearing me out, and I think I\u8217\'92d be happier if I left school. My credits are good for several years. I can always go back when I feel rejuvenated.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::5>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs26\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::3>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::4>(Wanting to be supportive, letting her know he has no complaints, still confused):<!$Scr_Cs::4>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::5>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Of course, I\u8217\'92d love to see more of you, Maggie. But I have no complaints. Are you sure you want to take a break?\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::5>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs26\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::3>Maggie<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::4>(Sad, somber, unconvincingly explaining):<!$Scr_Cs::4>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::5>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve thought a lot about it. I am ready for a break.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::5>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs26\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::3>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::4>(Although he doesn\loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8217\'92t understand, he is being Sincere and supportive):<!$Scr_Cs::4>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::5>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, you know I\u8217\'92ll support whatever decision you make. I don\u8217\'92t want you to be stressed, and I want you to be happy. Promise me you\u8217\'92ll let me know if there\u8217\'92s anything I can do to help.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::5>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs26\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::3>Maggie<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::4>(Humbly showing gratitude, but with a very sad tone, she sounds defeated):<!$Scr_Cs::4>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::5>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Just keep doing what you\u8217\'92ve been doing. You\u8217\'92ve been amazing. I\u8217\'92ve never been happier in a relationship before. It\u8217\'92s just the workload that\u8217\'92s causing the problem.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sl120\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf7
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::2>Something didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t feel right to Evan. He wasn\u8217\'92t sure if he should dig deeper or leave it be. Maggie would decide for him.<!$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs26\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::3>Maggie<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::4>(Deflecting, depressed):<!$Scr_Cs::4>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::5>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93<!$Scr_Cs::5>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf8 Do you mind if we don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t talk about it anymore tonight? I want to cuddle silently for a while.}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::5>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::5>}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf7
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b0\i1\cf5 <$Scr_Ps::1>[ Write an ending to the scene that makes the reader curious and want to read on. Clearly there is more to the story than what Maggie is revealing. ]}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i1\cf5 <!$Scr_Ps::1>}}