{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red0\green149\blue223;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \sa60\sb240\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs32\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_H::2>Custom Instructions:<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 * I am an amateur writer using chat GPT to write scenes for my novel.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 * For scenes involving the main character Evan Vaughn, use the profile provided for Evan.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 * For scenes involving the main character Sarah, use the profile provided for Sarah.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 * For scenes involving the main character Guido, use the profile provided for Guido.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 *Please ensure that the character profiles are accurately applied in each scene to maintain consistency.}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa60\sb240\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs32\b1\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_H::2>Scene:<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs30\cf1 Without writing the scene, please evaluate the following scene template. Note that this does not include the plot/action section. These will be delivered in parts using this same template for each part. Let me know if you have everything you need to write a compelling scene, sans the plot/action.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 * Please write all scenes using simple past tense.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 * Please avoid meta-references to the 'scene' or the writing process within the narrative itself. Keep the reader immersed in the story.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 * Always identify the author's style used in writing the scene at the end of the scene.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 * Use italics instead of quotes for internal dialogue.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 * Whenever I provide a new or updated character profile, please note that this does not require an immediate scene creation unless explicitly requested.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 * Please adhere to the standard dialogue writing convention of starting a new paragraph with every change of speaker}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 * Please avoid meta-references to the author's name or any outside entities within the narrative itself.}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Making no mention of weather, please write the following scene in the styles of Danielle Steele, Nicholas Sparks, Abbie Jimenez, James Patterson, Mary Higgins Clark, Becky Wade, Rick Wright ordering, Suzanne Collins, Tamora Pierce}}