{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Bold;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720}{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720}{\listname ;}\listid4}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {Here's my feedback on Scene #1, focusing on your goals of grabbing reader attention, the use of "Timeline," and overall effectiveness:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b1 Grabbing Attention:}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sb180\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b1 Success:}{ The shortness and starkness of the scene definitely pique curiosity. It sets up a clear contrast between the initial 'fairytale' feeling and the present harsh reality.}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sa180\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b1 Potential Tweak:}{ One tweak to make it even more impactful would be to focus on one or two highly evocative words or phrases. For example, instead of "a jolt of pain through his body," you could go with something more sensory like, "...his gut clenched," or "...his skin went cold."}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b1 Purpose of "Timeline":}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sb180\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext	 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b1 Overall Concept:}{ I like the concept of tying the scene to the "Love, Annually" theme. The time skips are understandable if the story spans 12 years.}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sa180\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext	 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b1 Execution:}{ Currently, the "Timeline:" prefix can break the flow. It pulls the reader out of the moment and feels a bit like exposition. A smoother option would be to weave the time jump concept into the narrative more subtly. You could do this through dialogue, a specific detail, or an internal thought by Evan.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b1 Overall Effectiveness:}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sb180\ltrch\loch \ls3\ilvl0{\listtext	 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b1 Intense Emotion:}{ The scene conveys Evan's pain and confusion very well. His questions are relatable and draw the reader into the scene.}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sa180\ltrch\loch \ls3\ilvl0{\listtext	 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b1 Room for Deeper Characterization:}{ Right now, Sarah is almost passive within the scene. Is there room to show even a tiny hint of }{\f0\fs26\i1 her}{ feelings, either subtly through mirroring his body language or even a contrasting emotion on her face? This would enhance the tension further.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b1 Additional Thoughts}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sb180\ltrch\loch \ls4\ilvl0{\listtext	 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b1 "Serendipitous or Cruel" :}{ I liked this line a lot! It perfectly captures Evan's conflicting feelings and confusion.}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sa180\ltrch\loch \ls4\ilvl0{\listtext	 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b1 The Word "Why?":}{ Ending on "why" is perfect and powerful. It creates a sense of unresolved tension and curiosity, urging the reader to continue and try to unravel the mystery.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {Let me know if you'd like to discuss alternative ways to integrate the "Timeline" concept, and let's move on to Scene #2 whenever you're ready!}}