{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Evan, attempting to honor Liz\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s request, sifted through the sales agreement for the transfer of Sarah\u8217\'92s share of the company. The document might as well have been in another language for all the sense it made to him. With a heavy sigh, he leaned back, his trust placed entirely in his lawyer\u8217\'92s hands and judgment, having barely glanced over the divorce paperwork himself.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 The room fell silent as Sarah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s lead attorney stood, signaling for attention. He announced that the divorce agreement was ready for signatures, highlighting a few minor adjustments made at Evan\u8217\'92s attorney\u8217\'92s request. The final changes to the sales agreement transferring Sarah\u8217\'92s share of the company to Liz were also noted, marking a pivotal moment in the proceedings.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Documents were distributed to Sarah, Liz, and Evan. Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes lingered on Sarah as she swiftly signed her name, her hand moving with a speed he hadn\u8217\'92t seen before. The sight stirred something within him, a mix of disbelief and a simmering frustration.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan, unable to contain his feelings, spoke out, his voice laced with a rebellious undertone, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Wow, you really are anxious to get divorced. I\u8217\'92ve never seen you sign anything so fast.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Sarah, without pausing her rapid signing, responded with a hint of frustration in her voice, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve already read the documents and agree to the changes your attorney made.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s resolve hardened, his voice steady and insistent, \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not signing anything until I get some answers.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Sarah, pausing briefly, pleaded with Evan, her voice soft yet firm, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Come on, Evan, don\u8217\'92t make this any more difficult than it has to be.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan stood his ground, unwavering in his demand, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not signing, Sarah. We committed to each other when we got married, and then one day, you just moved to Seattle and refused to speak to me directly?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Sarah, her frustration mounting, tried to justify, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Evan, I told you it wasn\u8217\'92t working anymore.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan, his voice rising with determination, countered, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Leaving me a note telling me it wasn\u8217\'92t working anymore is not enough. I deserve better than that. I am not going to sign anything until you answer some questions.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Liz, with a tone of apologetic resolve, sided openly with her brother, adding a layer of familial solidarity to Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s demands. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m sorry, Sarah, but I have to back Evan on this one. You know how much I care about you, but Evan does deserve some answers. I\u8217\'92m not signing either unless you agree to speak to Evan.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 The junior attorney, unable to contain his outrage, lashed out at Liz, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You ungrateful bitch! Sarah\u8217\'92s practically giving you the company.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Sarah, her voice icy with authority yet protective of Liz, interjected, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hold it right there! The next thing I want to hear is an apology to Liz. She exudes more class and integrity in her pinkie than me and all the attorneys here combined. You have one minute to apologize and leave. Otherwise, I\u8217\'92ll make sure this law firm never sees a dime from any of my contacts or my father\u8217\'92s for that matter. Is that clear?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Reprimanded, the junior attorney\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s demeanor shifted from indignation to contrition. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m sorry, Sarah. And I\u8217\'92m sorry, Mrs. Bennett, I let my temper get the best of me, and it will never happen again. I\u8217\'92ll excuse myself from this meeting.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 In the aftermath, Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s attorney sought to reason with Evan, aiming to bridge the widening gap with understanding and benevolence. \u8220\'93Look, Evan, he may have been an asshole about it, but he did make a point that should not be lost. I know for a fact Sarah has rejected beneficial advice from her attorneys. She has been cooperative and fair. I would even say she has been generous in ways I have never experienced in these types of settlements. I recommend you sign these documents.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Despite the attorney\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s counsel, Evan\u8217\'92s resolve remained unshaken, his anger evident. \u8220\'93Do you think I care about money? She can have it all as far as I\u8217\'92m concerned. It means nothing to me. I want answers and won\u8217\'92t sign anything until I get them!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Sarah, recognizing the futility of resistance and perhaps the depth of Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s need for closure, finally relented. \u8220\'93He\u8217\'92s right; he deserves better than this. Evan, I doubt there\u8217\'92s anything I could say that would give you the closure you\u8217\'92re seeking. I never wanted to cause you more pain than necessary. Despite my reservations about discussing it, if you sign the documents, I\u8217\'92ll meet with you privately to answer your questions as best I can.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Seeking to facilitate this crucial conversation, Sarah turned to her lead attorney, her voice calm yet imbued with a newfound determination. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is there a place where Evan and I can speak privately after the meeting?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Her lead attorney, expressing regret over the heated exchange, assured her, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I want to apologize for my colleague\u8217\'92s actions. That was unacceptable. Sarah, you and Evan are free to use this conference room as long as you need.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Sarah, now facing Evan, extended the offer, her tone softening. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Thank you. Will that work for you, Evan?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 In the quiet of the conference room, Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s acceptance of Sarah\u8217\'92s offer was a silent yet profound acknowledgment. He gave Liz a nod, an unspoken agreement that it was alright for her to proceed with her signature. Then, with a sense of resignation, he signed the divorce documents and the sales agreement. This moment, marked not by words but by the weight of their actions, closed one chapter in their lives, leaving the promise of difficult conversations and the hope for understanding in its wake.<!$Scr_Ps::0>}}