{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Bold;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}{\f3\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f5\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red139\green93\blue0;\red186\green124\blue93;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs26\b1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1><$Scr_Ps::0>[ The previous scene ended with Trish introducing Maggie to Liz in her office. A short distance away. ]}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\cf4 T<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0 r}{\f1\fs26\b1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>ish<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0  }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>( Walked Maggie to the conference room where Evan was waiting): <!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs26\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Evan, your date is here. Have a great weekend. I\u8217\'92ll see you on Monday.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>[ Evan and Maggie returned a friendly by as Trish leaves the conference room, closing the door behind her. Now that they have a bit of privacy, Maggie greeted Evan with a long kiss. ]<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>Evan <!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>(Sincere in his complements about her looking great, perplexed why she's barefoot and holding her shoes in her hand):  <!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs26\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You look great! What\u8217\'92s with the shoes?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>Maggie<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0  }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>(Embarrassed, rolling her eyes): <!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs26\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t ask.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>[  Insert a rich narrative here describing the picnic -like setting Evan had meticulously prepared for his date with Maggie. }
\par\plain {\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf5 Feel free to use your own description, but here are some things to consider: Evan had prepared the conference room for an indoor picnic. The conference room table was covered with a red-checkered tablecloth. On top of the tablecloth sat a large picnic basket, two place settings, two glasses, and a bottle of wine. ]<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>Maggie<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>(Impressed, touched and pleasantly surprised): \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::3>Did you do all this for me?<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0  }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>(Evan said as he pulled out the chair for Maggie to sit down):<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs26\b0  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I sure did!\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \tx9000\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\ul\ulc0 \~\tab }
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f1\fs26\b1\cf4
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0  }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>(pouring them each a glass of wine, Before sitting down himself opposite side of the table, facing Maggie)<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs26\b0  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve been experimenting with the food lessons you taught me this week. I have prepared for you a gourmet chicken salad sandwich, with a side of fruit cocktail and a bag of potato chips.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0  }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>(handed Maggie her glass of wine and made a toast) <!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs26\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93To exciting times ahead.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 They clinked glasses and followed up with a kiss.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>Maggie<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2> (Grateful and quite impressed):<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs26\b0  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Thank you so much! I can\u8217\'92t believe you did all this for me. Did you make this all yourself?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0  }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>(Being his playful self, making a joke): <!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs26\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yep! I even had the potato chips sealed in a bag with a price tag to make it look professional.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>Maggie<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0  }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>(Laughing at Evan's joke, knowing he was not the creator of the store-bought potato chips)<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs26\b0  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Haha. You know what I mean. Did you make the chicken salad yourself?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0  }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>(A humble pride):<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs26\b0  , \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, I did.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>Maggie<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>(Genuinely Excited): <!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs26\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I can\u8217\'92t wait to try it!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>Maggie<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  and Evan simultaneously took a bite of their chicken salad sandwiches.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs30\b1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>Maggie<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f3\fs26\b1\cf4  }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>(sincere, impressed, and surprised):<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f4\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs26\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Wow, Evan, this is seriously good. This doesn\u8217\'92t feel like a chicken salad sandwich, though?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0  }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf5 (Happy that Maggie likes his creation. Making sure she got credit for the inspiration.)}{\f5\fs22\b1\i0\cf4 :}{\f4\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs26\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s my take on a chicken salad sandwich. You told me a good chef elevates even the most common dish. Instead of chopping up the chicken and mixing it all together, I cut it in thick slivers and placed the salad mix on top.\u8221\'94 }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>(Evan playfully posed a challenge)<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs26\b0  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Can you guess what\u8217\'92s in there?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f1\fs30\b1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>Maggie<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f3\fs26\b1\cf4  }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf5 (enjoying Evan's challenge for her to guess the ingredients)}{\f5\fs22\b1\i0\cf4 :}{\f4\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs26\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Chicken, obviously. I like that you used fresh dill instead of celery. I taste onions, salt, pepper, a hint of lemon juice, and a lot of paprika, but I can\u8217\'92t place the dressing itself. I would expect mayo. But it\u8217\'92s sweeter. You got me stumped.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs30\b1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f3\fs26\b1\cf4  }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>(Slightly embarrassed that he used a chief ingredient he loved as a child. ):<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f4\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs26\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I know I should be using higher quality ingredients. So, I\u8217\'92m a little embarrassed to say I didn\u8217\'92t use fancy mayonnaise or Dijon mustard. I used an ingredient I fell in love with as a child. Liz used to spread it on my sandwiches when we were poor kids in Chicago \endash  Miracle Whip.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>Maggie<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f3\fs26\b1\cf4  }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>(Sincere, and impressed, and still surprised):<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f4\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::3>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I can't believe I\u8217\'92ve never tried Miracle Whip before. It\u8217\'92s delicious. I love the sweetness it brings to the sandwich. As your teacher, I\u8217\'92d give you an A+ for creativity and elevating a boring chicken salad sandwich to a gourmet level.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::3>}
\par\plain {\f1\fs30\b1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2> (checking for sincere reassurance)<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f5\fs22\b1\i0\cf4 :}{\f4\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs26\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You really like it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs30\b1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>Maggie<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs30\cf1  }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>(replying with sincere reassurance): <!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs26\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I love it! If I ever do open my own place, I\u8217\'92d have no problem making this a lunch special.\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \tx9000\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\ul\ulc0 \~\tab }
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0  }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>(Playfully performing his "World's Greatest Boyfriend" impression):<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs26\b0  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ll be happy to know this entire date, including the wine, food, and free theater tickets gifted to me by one of our vendors, cost under $30!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>Maggie<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0  }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>(Laughed with delight. Enjoying Evan's playfulness, touched that he went through this effort to cater to her financial insecurities)<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs26\b0 , \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You have no idea how happy that makes me feel.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>[  Insert a narrative here to show that while Evan is looking at the time on his phone, he sees a group text from Trish and Liz, giving Maggie the thumbs up \endash  saying she's great. That puts a smile and Evan's face. Idea: Should we have Evan show Maggie the texts to make her feel good that she made a positive first impression? ]<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0  }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>(looking at the time on his phone): <!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs26\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We better get going. The play will be starting soon.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>Maggie<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0  looked down at Laura\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s designer heels like they were on fire. The last thing she wanted to do was cram her feet into those shoes again. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs30\b1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>Maggie<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f3\fs26\b1\cf4  }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>(Looking at Evan with woeful eyes, truly dreading the thought of walking in those shoes): <!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs26\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I hope there\u8217\'92s not a lot of walking.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0  }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>(smiled)<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs26\b0 : \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There isn\u8217\'92t.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>[ Write a compelling end to the scene, and end to this chapter. FYI: the next scene starts in chapter involving Maggie and Evan after the play. ]<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <!$Scr_Ps::0>}}