{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Bold;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red0\green108\blue175;\red208\green99\blue9;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs26\b1\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Tuesday, December 16, 2014<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Laura was working on her laptop while Maggie was making them lunch.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::1>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hey, Maggie. I was searching the Internet for scholarships or loans to help you pay for school. I ran across a scholarship that might work for you. They\u8217\'92re only taking applications until the end of the week. You should apply,\u8221\'94 said Laura.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s the point? I\u8217\'92ve applied for dozens of scholarships, and I never get selected. The last thing I need is another rejection. I\u8217\'92m at peace with my decision, and I\u8217\'92m looking forward to the break,\u8220\'93 replied Maggie.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Come on, Maggie. At least try this one last time. It\u8217\'92s a Christmas scholarship! You\u8217\'92ll know one way are the other by Christmas Eve. I\u8217\'92ll even fill out the online application for you. All you need to do is reply to the e-signature mail they send you. Will you at least do that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t want any part of it. I\u8217\'92m not going to get my hopes up again just to have them squashed.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Can I use your phone so I can reply to the e-signature email for you?\u8221\'94 asked Laura.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Go ahead. But I don\u8217\'92t want to know anything about it.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 The conversation went better than Laura expected. The less Maggie knew about the scholarship, the less chance she might become suspicious. Laura completed the online application and replied to the e-signature mail. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 She then texted Evan, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93}{\f3\fs28\b0\i1\cf5 Phase 1, completed!}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0}