{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Bold;}{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}{\f5\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red139\green93\blue0;\red186\green124\blue93;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\ltrch\loch \f5\fs22\b0\i1\cf5
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1><$Scr_Ps::0>[ It occurred to me that in scene 25, we don't leave time for Evan and Maggie to enjoy their picnic dinner.  We need to start this Chloe insert with a narrative paragraph that fills the time needed to finish a meal. Before the head after the play.<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain \f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf5
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>Consider the following when writing this time-filler paragraph.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf4 - The energy is high, Evan and Maggie are getting along fabulously. Evan's chicken salad is a hit, and there enjoying the meal with their wine.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf4 - Their chit-chat includes some small talk, Evan sharing his story about how I was able to snag free tickets to a sold-out play.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf4 - Maggie reliving her shoe story.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf4 - Stuff like that.<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain \f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf5
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>When writing the narrative, it should include that the general energy is high and a lot of flirting going on during that time. }{\f2\fs22\b1\i0\cf4  <!$Scr_Cs::1><!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs30\b0\i0\cf1 Here is where I see the inserted scene segment going.}
\par\plain \f0\fs30\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Internally, A sense of satisfaction flooded through Evan.}{\f3\fs26\b1\i0  }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 That sparkle in Maggie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes was the best reward. Honestly, he would have done this for her even without Liz\u8217\'92s relationship rules in his ear. The fact that this perfect surprise happened to align with Rule #1 - well, that was just a bonus. A small smile played on his lips. Liz would be proud.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 (INSERT CHLOE PAINTING SCENE SEGMENT HERE)}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 As Evan checked the time on his phone, a smile flitted across his face. He caught a glimpse of a group text from Trish and Liz - a flurry of thumbs-up emojis and a quick \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93She\u8217\'92s great!\u8221\'94 He resisted the urge to show Maggie immediately, but the warmth of their approval spread through him.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs26\b1\i0 Special Note: }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Let's have Evan's phone alarm go off. He wanted to make sure to give them enough time to go to the place so he set his alarm earlier in the day. I think that's a nice way to quickly transition out of the admiration of Chloe's painting.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1><$Scr_Ps::0>]<!$Scr_Cs::1><!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs26\b1\i0 <$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_H::2>Scene Segment:<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs30\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>Maggie<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs30\b0\i0\cf1  }{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::3>(Staring over Evan's shoulder at the paintings on the wall): <!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I love those paintings. There are so different than the rest of your office to core. They really stand out.\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs30\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1><$Scr_Ps::4>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::3> (Evan briefly looks over his shoulder)<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f2\fs22\b1\i0\cf4 :}{\f1\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They're Liz's pride and joy!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs30\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>Maggie<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs30\b0\i0\cf1  }{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::3>(Inquisitive): <!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Liz is an artist?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs30\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::3> (Chuckling)<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f2\fs22\b1\i0\cf4 :}{\f1\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Um...No. The Vaughn siblings have zero artistic talent. We're lucky if we can manage a stick figure. Those were painted by Liz's young friend, Chloe."}
\par\plain {\f3\fs30\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>Maggie<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs30\b0\i0\cf1  }{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::3>(Sincere praise): <!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Liz's young friend is quite talented. Those paintings are gorgeous!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs30\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::3> ()<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f2\fs22\b1\i0\cf4 :}{\f1\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I agree along with everyone else in the office. It's a fascinating triptych.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs30\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>Maggie<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs30\b0\i0\cf1  }{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::3>(Never hearing of the word triptych before.): <!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Huh?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs30\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::3> (Evan laughed out loud)<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f2\fs22\b1\i0\cf4 :}{\f1\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 "That was my the first time I heard it. So, a triptych, right? I only know this 'cause Liz told me. It's basically one of those art things where you have three pieces that sort of go together. Like, they're separate but make more sense when you look at 'em side by side. Each panel can stand on its own, but together, they tell a bigger story or show a bigger picture. Kinda like a three-part series in a book or something."}
\par\plain {\f3\fs30\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>Maggie<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs30\b0\i0\cf1  }{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::3>(Fascinated by both the painting and the new word she just learned.): <!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Fascinating! I guess is true, you learn something new every day.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs26\b0\i0}