{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red163\green101\blue209;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Basking in the afterglow of Maggie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s final kiss, Evan waved goodbye as he watched Laura\u8217\'92s taillights disappear into the night. An affectionate smile curved his lips. A wave of warmth washed over him, a lingering glow from his time with Maggie. He couldn\u8217\'92t remember the last time he\u8217\'92d felt so\u8230\'85 carefree. Her smile, the infectious energy that sparked between them, the way her soft hand fit neatly into his for a brief, stolen moment \endash  it all conjured a sense of lightness, a comfort he hadn\u8217\'92t expected.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 He found a nearby bench and slumped down, his elbows resting on his knees, head buried in his hands. The cool night air barely registered against the heat of his conflicting thoughts. He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d made a plan, resolved to chart a different course after his heart had been shattered, but now\u8230\'85 now it all felt tangled and uncertain.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>Maybe we don\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t have to be head over heels to build something good.<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  The thought emerged, a whisper of logic seeking to calm the storm in his mind.}{\f1\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1> Can\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t two people simply enjoy each other\u8217\'92s company? Be happy? Treat each other with kindness? Maybe that\u8217\'92s enough.<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Yet even as he formed the words, doubt clawed at their edges. Enough for me? Yes. But is it enough for her? She deserves better than a relationship with an expiration date. The thought stung.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>But...would ending this now really be better? <!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 His analytical side chimed in}{\f1\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>. She won\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t be alone; she\u8217\'92ll have me to spend time with. We\u8217\'92ll have fun. I\u8217\'92ll be good to her. Isn\u8217\'92t that better than going back to square one? Back into that endless dating cycle?<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 He closed his eyes, the memory of Maggie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s joyous smile, her enthusiasm for their upcoming dates, flashing before him. Her vulnerability, the way she shared her fears and hopes about the future...It\u8217\'92s not just a casual fling, a voice inside him warned. }{\f1\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>She\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s not \u8220\'93just another girl.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 But then, there was Sarah. His Sarah \endash  love at first sight. }{\f1\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>How could I ever feel that way about anyone else? <!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 His heart ached with the familiar pang of loss.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Maybe love takes time, he countered. Not every story is a whirlwind romance. Maybe it grows, slowly and steadily, from friendship and respect\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 But could he risk leading Maggie down that path, knowing it might lead nowhere?}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>I could tell her. <!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 The idea surfaced, unwelcome. }{\f1\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>Tell her about the plan, the end date, let her choose...<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 A bitter laugh escaped him. }{\f1\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>Yeah, sure, that would be a great start to a relationship. Who would want a boyfriend on a timer?<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 As the night deepened, Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s thoughts circled back on themselves. He couldn\u8217\'92t untangle the knot. Logic and emotion offered contradictory solutions. Guilt gnawed at him, but even so, the warmth of Maggie\u8217\'92s affection lingered. }{\f1\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>I can give her a good relationship<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 , he told himself, but the question hung in the air, unanswered:}{\f1\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1> Is a year of happiness worth the risk of a broken heart?<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 The chaos in his mind swirled, relentless. It seemed nothing would bring resolution tonight. Then came the lightning flash, a searing crack across the sky that sliced through his contemplations. The ensuing thunder rattled him to his core, the first heavy raindrops chilling his skin. The sudden shift in the weather broke his trance, the storm a turbulent echo of his own internal conflict. Time for decisions could wait. For tonight, it was simply time to go.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Shoulders hunched against the onslaught, he hurried to his car. Questions buzzed in his head alongside the insistent hum of the downpour. Was this sudden storm a warning from some unseen force? An omen pushing him away from a path destined for heartbreak? Or was it a cosmic nudge towards acceptance \endash  a sign to stop overthinking, to embrace a chance for happiness, imperfect as it might be? }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 As he began his long drive home, Evan stared out at the downpour, a sense of grim irony washing over him. As is often said, the Universe works in mysterious ways \endash  first delivering a gift in the form of Maggie, then sending mixed signals with this sudden storm. Cosmic guidance, it seemed, came without clear instructions.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <!$Scr_Ps::0>}}