{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Bold;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red0\green149\blue223;\red170\green64\blue101;\red76\green76\blue76;\red208\green78\blue124;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fs26\b1\i0\fi-480\li960\lin960}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \sa60\sb240\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs32\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_H::2>Scene Profile: }{\f2\fs28\b1\i0 Scene #41: Where\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s the Postmark?<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sl120\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf5
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 Summary:<!$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf6 Maggie's shock is evident as she opens the envelope to find a congratulatory letter and a $15,000 cashier's check for her scholarship. Tears well up in her eyes at first, but as she processes the contents, suspicion grows. Upon closer examination, she realizes a crucial detail: the envelope lacks a postmark, indicating it was never sent through the post office, leading to a startling revelation about Evan and Laura's scholarship scheme.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sl120\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf6
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 Leading Context:}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf6 In previous scenes, Laura and Evan masterminded a scholarship scheme, acting as co-conspirators to covertly and deceitfully award a scholarship to Maggie. In the scene prior, they executed the final step before Maggie is to be informed she's the recipient of the scholarship. The current scene unfolds with Laura returning to the apartment after checking the mail. Unknown to Maggie at this moment is that Laura slipped in the envelope containing her $15,000 check and a congratulatory letter. Evan arrives with Laura, passing off their simultaneous return as mere coincidence.<!$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sl120\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf6
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Ps::1>Setting:<!$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 - Location:}{\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::4> Maggie and Laura's apartment.<!$Scr_Cs::4>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 - Time:}{\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::4> Early evening.<!$Scr_Cs::4>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 - Weather/Environment:}{\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::4> N/A.<!$Scr_Cs::4><!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sl168\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 Characters Present:<!$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 - Main Characters:}{\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::4> Evan, Maggie, Laura.<!$Scr_Cs::4><!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sl168\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf7
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 Character Emotional State:<!$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::4>- }{\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 Evan}{\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 :}{\f4\fs22\b0\i0  Evan has resolved his internal conflict for the moment. Persuaded by Laura and subtly guided by Guido's advice, he's fully committed to the scholarship scheme. Despite an undercurrent of nervousness, he manages to mask his feelings well, playing his part convincingly in the orchestrated plan.}
\par\plain {\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 - }{\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 Maggie}{\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 :}{\f4\fs22\b0\i0  Maggie experiences a whirlwind of emotions in this scene. Initially, she's pleased to see Evan, then apprehension sets in when Laura mentions the arrival of "important-looking" mail. The sight of the $15,000 check in her name triggers a cascade from joy to disbelief, leaving her in tears. However, suspicion quickly clouds her joy as the situation begins to seem implausible, with several hints ultimately leading her to the undeniable evidence - an envelope lacking a postmark.}
\par\plain {\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 - }{\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 Laura}{\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 : <!$Scr_Cs::4>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::5>Like Evan, Laura harbors a hint of nervousness but remains fully invested in the plan, exerting every effort to act naturally and avoid arousing suspicion.<!$Scr_Cs::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sl120\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::4> <!$Scr_Cs::4><!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sl168\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf7
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Ps::1>POV:}{\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::4> Third Person Omniscient.<!$Scr_Cs::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sl168\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf6
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 Dialogue Focus:}{\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::4> Heavy.<!$Scr_Cs::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sl168\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 Use of Internal Dialogue:}{\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::4> Typically, I like some level of internal dialogue in all my scenes. However, since this is third person omniscient POV, my understanding is that internal dialogue would not be appropriate.<!$Scr_Cs::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sl168\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 Objectives/Goals:<!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs26\b1\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs26\b1\i0 The Reveal:}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  The scene readers have eagerly anticipated arrives, showcasing Maggie as the fortunate recipient of a $15,000 scholarship.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs26\b1\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs26\b1\i0 Suspicion Arises:}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  Initial elation gives way to skepticism for Maggie, as the pieces don't quite fit together. She meticulously follows the breadcrumbs to the incontrovertible evidence - an envelope without a postmark.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs26\b1\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs26\b1\i0 A Cliffhanger:}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  The scene closes on a note of suspense, leaving readers wondering if Maggie's detective work will uncover the truth behind Evan and Laura's well-intentioned conspiracy.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sl120\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf1  }
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Ps::1>Notes:<!$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf6 This document is  a Scene Profile and is meant to be used as a reference. Do not write the scene at this time.}
\par\plain {\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf6 <!$Scr_Ps::2>}}