{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-BoldItalic;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs26\b1\i1 <$Scr_Ps::0>Six days after Evan and Maggie\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s first met\u8230\'85<!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 The Vaughn Group\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s fourth-floor office buzzed with quiet efficiency. Its sleek design seamlessly blended minimalist decor with a touch of artistic whimsy. Monochromatic photographs of Chicago\u8217\'92s architectural landmarks hung beside motivational posters, while a vibrant abstract triptych dominated the \u8220\'93Inspiration\u8221\'94 conference room. Its presence was a testament to its namesake.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 This three-canvas painting held the focus of the space, a testament to abstract art\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s power to evoke emotion and thought. Each panel was a whirlpool of vivid colors, swirling with such intensity that it seemed alive. The left piece burst with shades of cerulean and sapphire, mimicking the depth and mystery of the ocean. The central canvas bridged the transition with a cascade of emerald and lime, evoking the lushness of a ancient forest. The right panel completed the journey with a blaze of scarlet and amber, a fiery sunset captured in perpetuity. Separately, each painting was a stunning piece of art, but together, they created a coherent narrative of color and motion. The triptych was more than decor; it was a visual symphony, each brushstroke contributing to a larger story of beauty and inspiration, perfectly embodying the room\u8217\'92s nickname.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Liz sat hunched over her expansive desk, a stack of documents claiming her focus. Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s knock disrupted her focus.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hey Liz, you got a minute?\u8221\'94 he asked, leaning in the doorway with an unmistakable energy about him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sure, come on in,\u8221\'94 Liz replied, the hint of a smile softening her features. She swiveled in her chair, setting the paperwork aside. \u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s up?\u8221\'94 She could practically feel the excitement radiating off him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan settled into the chair across from Liz\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s desk, a grateful smile playing on his lips. \u8220\'93I appreciate your willingness to meet Maggie. I know it\u8217\'92s not ideal for her to get too close to my inner circle, but I couldn\u8217\'92t free up my schedule in time to pick her up before the play tonight...\u8220\'93 His voice trailed off, a slight sheepishness creeping into his expression. \u8220\'93And to be honest, I really wanted you to meet her.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Liz\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s curiosity shone in her eyes. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s okay, Evan. I\u8217\'92m actually quite intrigued. I know you still have a few weeks to officially start the year with Maggie, but have you made a decision yet?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Not officially,\u8221\'94 Evan admitted. A flicker of hesitation crossed his face. \u8220\'93I want to be sure she\u8217\'92s interested in a relationship, and I wanted her to meet you first.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You don\u8217\'92t need my approval,\u8221\'94 Liz replied, a touch of warmth in her voice.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I know, but...\u8221\'94 A touch of vulnerability crept into his voice. \u8220\'93Honestly, I trust your judgment. It would be hard to move forward without your blessing. I\u8217\'92m pretty sure you two will hit it off. She\u8217\'92s down-to-earth and hardworking \endash  just the kind of person you admire.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Liz couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t help but smile. Evan\u8217\'92s enthusiasm was infectious. \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ve certainly been in a good mood this week. How many dates have you had?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan beamed. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Four in total. We kicked things off at the fall festival, and she\u8217\'92s been teaching me to cook all week!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So I\u8217\'92ve heard,\u8221\'94 Liz chuckled. \u8220\'93Trish spilled the beans about your surprise. Can I help with the setup?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s all under control,\u8221\'94 Evan assured her. His eyes sparkled. \u8220\'93But hey, thanks for the offer!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Liz leaned forward, her concern evident in her voice. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So, are you still determined to go through with your one-year relationship plan?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan nodded slowly. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes. I admit I had my doubts after our first date. She is such a great girl, and I don\u8217\'92t want to hurt her. But after spending so much time with her this week, I feel this could be something good. But I was still on the fence until earlier today.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What happened earlier today?\u8221\'94 Liz asked, her brow furrowed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan sighed. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I spoke to Guido. He thinks I should drop this plan and be his wingman, which is never gonna happen. He said I can\u8217\'92t do this plan half-ass - either I\u8217\'92m all in or all out. \u8220\'93Guido\u8217\'92s right. Obsessing over my doubts doesn\u8217\'92t benefit me or Maggie.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Liz\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s voice softened. \u8220\'93Although I\u8217\'92d rather you not pursue this plan of yours, I\u8217\'92m glad you decided not to be Guido\u8217\'92s \u8216\'91wingman.\u8217\'92\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It wasn\u8217\'92t just Guido\u8217\'92s advice that convinced me,\u8221\'94 Evan countered, his tone thoughtful. \u8220\'93After thinking about it, I realized I would never have met Maggie without this plan. She lives far away and isn\u8217\'92t on any dating sites. I figure maybe it was meant to be, no matter how it turns out. She may not be my true love, but I\u8217\'92m going to push aside my doubts and give her the best that I have to offer. After all, she deserves it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Liz studied her brother, a mix of worry and hope reflected in her eyes. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, Evan, I promised to support you, and I will. I only ask one favor. Be open to letting love in. I\u8217\'92m not suggesting you force it; you can\u8217\'92t fake love. But I think a year will be enough time to know your true feelings for Maggie. And I\u8217\'92m convinced if your feelings for her grow into love, you\u8217\'92ll abandon your plan to break up. But, if you don\u8217\'92t fall in love with her, as much as I hate to admit it, letting go will be the right thing to do.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan leaned back in his chair, a flicker of concern crossing his face. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Enough about me. How are you feeling about your procedure tomorrow?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Liz took a quiet breath. At 31, time felt heavy on her heart She\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d always envisioned motherhood unfolding naturally, with two children before her 30th birthday. The image of two laughing children, a picture she\u8217\'92d once held so clearly in her mind, now felt faded and distant. After a string of miscarriages \endash  her last, a year ago \endash  and no success conceiving since, the dream had begun to slip away. The IVF procedure represented a reluctant compromise, a desperate hope when time seemed to be running out.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Nervous and excited,\u8221\'94 Liz finally admitted, the simple words barely containing the complex emotions swirling within her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s sincerity shone in his eyes. \u8220\'93I wish there was something I could do to help. It all feels so unfair. I want you to know I\u8217\'92m here for you. If you need anything, anything at all, please let me know.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I appreciate that.\u8221\'94 Touched by his genuine concern, Liz\u8217\'92s voice softened. \u8220\'93But there\u8217\'92s no need to worry. It\u8217\'92s outpatient, and Alicia is a pro.\u8221\'94 A fleeting sigh escaped her lips before she forced a smile. \u8220\'93I just wish I didn\u8217\'92t need her expertise in the first place.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s phone buzzed, distracting them both. He glanced at the screen, a wide grin spreading across his face. \u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s Maggie! She\u8217\'92ll be here soon. I\u8217\'92ve got to go finish setting up her surprise.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 He bolted from Liz\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s office, his excitement a stark contrast to the quiet anxieties that lingered in the room.<!$Scr_Ps::1>}}