{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Bold;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red0\green149\blue223;\red170\green64\blue101;\red76\green76\blue76;\red208\green78\blue124;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\fi1505458232\li0\lin0}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \sa60\sb240\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs32\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_H::2>Scene Profile: }{\f2\fs28\b1\i0 <$Scr_Cs::1>Scene #19: Maggie and Evan\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s First Kiss<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Cs::1><!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sl120\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f3\fs32\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Ps::2>Summary:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf6 Maggie and Evan leave the weight of past relationship failures behind, unanimously deciding to skip traditional dating in favor of a committed relationship. Their newfound agreement sparks playful banter, leading to a flirtatious first kiss. Energized by their connection, they head to the festival, eager to explore the next chapter of their journey together.<!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sl168\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Ps::2>Leading Context:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf6 A lot happened in the previous scene. The scene started with a build up of excitement as Evan persuades Maggie to bypass the dating process and start a relationship. However, Maggie accidentally triggers hard emotions at the end of the scene when she asks about the girl Evan dated in college, not knowing it was his ex-wife, Sarah. The scene ends in a heart wrenching moment as Evan finally opens up and the scene closes with Evan holding back tears, Maggie in tears sharing a warm and compassionate embrace.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf6 This scene will be much shorter and will be an immediate switch of energy to the positive. This is not only for the reader's benefit, but this is how Evan processes pain. He flips a switch and it's like it never happened. In this scene, from beginning to end its playful banter, flirting, ultimately leading to their first kiss.<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sl168\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 Setting:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 - Location:}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::5> Riverwalk Naperville, Illinois. The Naperville Riverwalk, often referred to as the \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93crown jewel\u8221\'94 of Naperville, Illinois, presents a picturesque setting that winds along the DuPage River. It is a favorite spot for locals and visitors alike, offering a serene and beautiful backdrop for a leisurely stroll or a romantic walk. The Riverwalk features beautifully landscaped paths, charming bridges, and ornate fountains, creating a tranquil environment amidst the bustling city. Along the way, there are ample benches for sitting and enjoying the natural beauty, as well as sculptures and artwork that add a cultural touch to the experience. The Riverwalk also hosts a variety of amenities, including an outdoor amphitheater for public events, a children\u8217\'92s playground, and the historic Centennial Beach, turning the area into a lively hub of activity.<!$Scr_Cs::5>}
\par\plain {\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 - Time:}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::5> Shortly after sunset.<!$Scr_Cs::5>}
\par\plain {\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 - Weather/Environment:}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::5> A comfortable fall day \endash  moderate temperature.<!$Scr_Cs::5><!$Scr_Ps::4><$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sl168\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 Characters Present:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 - Main Characters:}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::5> Evan, Maggie.<!$Scr_Cs::5><!$Scr_Ps::4><$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sl168\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf7
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 Character Emotional State:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 - Evan:}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::5> Evan switches gears quickly at the beginning of the scene. He flips a switch and returns to his more typical, playful self. Although he doesn't feel that spark of love for Maggie, he does feel a deep connection to her somewhere between good friends and love. Desperate for affection and feeling that he and Maggie are on the same page as far as the relationship goes, they playfully pretend to be talking about one thing, when they really know they are talking about another \endash  I think this is subtext, but I'm not a professional author so not sure. I think it will be clear when you start crafting the scenes from the scene segments. Up until their first kiss, and immediately following the kiss, both Evan and Maggie are in a very happy state flirting and joking with each other. However, the first kiss started out a little bit intense. Evan unintentionally allowed some of the intensity that he was still feeling from the scene before, through at the beginning kiss, but by the end of the kiss it was the tension was released. The scene ends on a high note.<!$Scr_Cs::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch \f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf6
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 - Maggie:}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::5> Maggie is right in line with Evan's playful scenarios. She recognizes the subtext, and plays along beautifully. Now completely in sync, she feels safe enough to give Evan his first kiss before they head out to the fall festival.<!$Scr_Cs::5><!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sl168\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf7
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Ps::2>POV:}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::5> Third person limited, deep (focusing on Evan)<!$Scr_Cs::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sl168\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf6
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 Dialogue Focus:}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::5> Heavy<!$Scr_Cs::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sl168\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 Use of Internal Dialogue:}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::5> Minimal<!$Scr_Cs::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sl168\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 Objectives/Goals:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::6>}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li576\fi-216\sa60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 The reader may get hints that Evan isn't in love with Maggie, but considers her more than just friend potential.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 The reader sees that Maggie is finally "all in" on the budding relationship.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 The reader will also see how Evan and Maggie have a similar sense of humor and are likely to get along well as the relationship continues.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 The reader also sees how quickly Evan can flip the switch emotionally when he gets too deep into his pain.<!$Scr_Ps::6>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1  }
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sl168\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 Notes:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf6 This document is the Scene Profile and is meant to be used as a reference. Do not write the scene at this time.<!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf5}