{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-BoldItalic;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Bold;}{\f3\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Candara-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red0\green108\blue175;\red255\green38\blue29;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0 <$Scr_Ps::0>A thrill of anticipation ran through Maggie. }{\f1\fs26\b1\i1 What was this surprise Liz mentioned}{\f0\fs26\b0 ? Trish, walking her to the conference room, wore a knowing smile that hinted at something delightful. As they reached the closed door, Trish paused, a glint of amusement in her eyes. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Are you ready for your surprise?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Maggie nodded eagerly, her stomach fluttering with a mix of excitement and nerves. With a flourish, Trish swung the door open, revealing Evan and\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 }{\f1\fs26\b1\i1 A picnic? In the office? }{\f0\fs26\b0 A flicker of surprise ran through her. }{\f2\fs26\b1 Candles, a blanket...is that wine?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Evan, your date is here.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 Trish gave him a playful wink. \u8220\'93Have a great weekend. I\u8217\'92ll see you on Monday.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 A flicker of warmth spread through Maggie at the genuine smile Trish gave her. As the door closed behind them, both Evan and Maggie bid Trish farewell. With a touch of nerves but mostly excitement, Maggie leaned in, kissing Evan softly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 When she pulled back, Evan grinned. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You look great! What\u8217\'92s with the shoes?\u8221\'94 His brow furrowed, a flicker of concern replacing the teasing in his eyes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Maggie self-consciously held up the offending heels. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t ask,\u8221\'94 she muttered, a mix of embarrassment and amusement in her voice.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Eyes widening, Evan took in the transformed conference room. Blanket spread over the table, candles casting a soft glow, the enticing aroma of warm bread filling the air...and was that a picnic basket in the corner? A wave of wonder and appreciation washed over Maggie. She could tell this wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t a haphazard setup, but rather one carefully planned with her comfort in mind.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Did you do all this for me?\u8221\'94 Her voice held a mix of awe and disbelief.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Evan beamed, a touch of pride evident. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I sure did!\u8221\'94 He pulled out a chair for her, an old-fashioned gesture that brought a smile to Maggie\u8217\'92s lips}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Evan poured them each a glass of wine, the crimson liquid swirling against the candlelight. Before sitting down across from her, he offered a playful grin. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve been experimenting with those food lessons, as you can see.\u8221\'94 He gestured toward the spread. \u8220\'93Tonight, I prepared your very own gourmet chicken salad sandwich, with a side of fruit cocktail and a bag of potato chips...for authenticity.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 A hint of surprise mixed with amusement danced in Maggie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes. Evan took his seat and raised his glass. \u8220\'93To exciting times ahead.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Their glasses clinked, followed by a kiss that held a subtle shift, a deepening of their connection.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Thank you so much!\u8221\'94 Maggie\u8217\'92s warmth was genuine. \u8220\'93I can\u8217\'92t believe you did all this. Did you make it yourself?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 A teasing glint entered Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes. \u8220\'93Yep! Even sealed the potato chips in a bag for that professional touch.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Maggie laughed, catching the playful jab. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You know what I mean. The chicken salad?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That, I take full credit for.\u8221\'94 Evan beamed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I can\u8217\'92t wait to try it!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 They both took a simultaneous bite, and Maggie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s expression shifted to one of genuine surprise. \u8220\'93Wow, Evan, this is seriously good. But\u8230\'85it\u8217\'92s not your typical chicken salad?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Evan grinned, delighted by her reaction. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s my elevated take, thanks to my brilliant teacher. Instead of the usual mix, I went with thick slivers of chicken, and spread the dressing on top.\u8221\'94 He tilted his head, a playful challenge in his eyes. \u8220\'93Can you guess the ingredients?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Maggie, ever the food enthusiast, took the bait. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Chicken, obviously. Fresh dill, I like that! Onions, salt, pepper, a hint of lemon\u8230\'85 but the dressing has me stumped. It\u8217\'92s sweet, not your typical mayo.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Evan hesitated, a flicker of sheepishness crossing his face. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Okay, here\u8217\'92s where I confess I may not be using the highest quality ingredients.\u8221\'94 He took a deep breath. \u8220\'93Liz used to make my sandwiches with it when we were kids, and I never quite shook the taste\u8230\'85 Miracle Whip.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Maggie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes widened. \u8220\'93I can\u8217\'92t believe I\u8217\'92ve never had it! It\u8217\'92s delicious, adds a whole new dimension.\u8221\'94 She met his gaze, sincerity in her voice. \u8220\'93As your teacher, A+ for creativity! This is miles above boring chicken salad.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You really like it?\u8221\'94 Evan asked, a touch of vulnerability in his tone.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Maggie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s smile was warm, reassuring. \u8220\'93I love it! Honestly, if I open my own place, this could be a lunch special.\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26 Evan, a glint of triumph in his eyes, leaned in with a mischievous smirk. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ll be pleased to know this entire date, from the food to those fancy theater tickets a vendor gifted me \endash  total cost under thirty bucks!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Maggie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s laughter rang out, a mix of delight and warmth that washed over Evan. \u8220\'93You have no idea how happy that makes me,\u8221\'94 she said, her voice tinged with genuine relief and a hint of playful affection. A warmth spread through her, a mix of gratitude and a growing fondness. }{\f1\fs26\b1\i1 He actually listened to me, a small voice whispered in her head, cared enough to remember.}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  That simple act felt more precious than any grand gesture.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Internally, }{\f0\fs26\b0 A sense of satisfaction flooded through Evan.}{\f2\fs26\b1  }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 That sparkle in Maggie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes was the best reward. Honestly, he would have done this for her even without Liz\u8217\'92s relationship rules in his ear.\~The fact that this perfect surprise happened to align with Rule #1 \endash  well, that was just a bonus. A small smile played on his lips. Liz would be proud.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 As Evan checked the time on his phone, a smile flitted across his face. He caught a glimpse of a group text from Trish and Liz \endash  a flurry of thumbs-up emojis and a quick \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93She\u8217\'92s great!\u8221\'94 He resisted the urge to show Maggie immediately, but the warmth of their approval spread through him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We better get going,\u8221\'94 Evan said. \u8220\'93Wouldn\u8217\'92t want to miss the start of the show.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 Maggie glanced down at Laura\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s designer heels, a flicker of dread crossing her face. The thought of cramming her feet back into those torture devices was almost unbearable.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s smile was reassuring. \u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t worry, it\u8217\'92s mostly driving, very little walking.\u8221\'94 }{\f0\fs26\b0 Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes held a playful glint}{\f0\fs26 . \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Worst case, I\u8217\'92ll carry you everywhere.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I love that idea! Though I might just cling to your arm all night instead.\u8221\'94 She gave him a playful wink a}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 s she slipped the heels back on with a grimace, Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s arm swept around her waist, offering support and a touch of old-fashioned gallantry.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 Outside the office building, a warm breeze ruffled Maggie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hair. The promise of the evening ahead, a mix of laughter, art, and the deepening connection with Evan, chased away the memory of her aching feet. \u8220\'93Ready to take on the theater world?\u8221\'94 he asked, a grin playing on his lips.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Absolutely,\u8221\'94 Maggie replied, her smile matching his. \u8220\'93Just please try not to make me laugh too hard. My feet might not survive it.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Ps::0>}}