{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 ComicSansMS-Italic;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f3\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}{\f5\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f6\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f7\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 MS Sans Serif;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red170\green85\blue0;\red186\green124\blue93;\red139\green93\blue0;\red0\green135\blue216;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_H::2>Create a compelling part of the scene titled \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Poker Host Liz Breaks For Chloe\u8221\'94.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 - Use the scene profile I previously provided to generate a compelling part of the scene. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 - Review chatGPT's Custom Instructions and use those instructions, guidelines, and examples to format output to my specifications. Adhere to those guidelines strictly.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 - Use the detailed information in the Scope Components section below to assist in creating a compelling scene part.}
\par\plain \f1\fs26\b0\i1\cf4
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 Scene Details:}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 - Scene Number: 8}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 - Scene Title: Poker Host Liz Breaks For Chloe}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 - Scene Part #: Part 1 of 1}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 - Scope Components:<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>[ Begin the scene describing Liz's joyful feeling as she performs typical host duties for the poker party ahead. Engage the reader in the scene by describing what Liz is doing, such as preparing snacks and other typical hosting tasks. You have full discretion.<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain \f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf5
\par\plain {\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Make note of the location: Liz's modest but well-kept three bedroom house in Glenview, Illinois. This is the home where she and her husband Joe live.]<!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b0\i1\cf5 <$Scr_Ps::1>[ While Liz is attending to her hostess duties. She sees her phone light up with the name "Chloe Collette." This might be a good place for internal dialogue so the reader can know the multiple thoughts going through Liz's head. If she gets an unscheduled call from Chloe, is almost certain to be related to some perceived dramatic occurrence in her life. Most the time is a problem with whatever unpleasant boyfriend she's dating at the time or she's calling to vent about a fight she had with her sister Rebecca or complaint about her mom.}
\par\plain \f2\fs22\b0\i1\cf5
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i1\cf5 However, anytime Liz gets a call or text from Chloe, a smile appears upon her face. Six years her junior, Liz met Chloe when Chloe was only 14 years old. What started off as a big sister type relationship, transitioned to a mentoring type relationship, and as Chloe entered adulthood became a deep friendship \endash  while all the time, Liz played a bit of a mothering role like she does to most everyone in her life. Liz is very nurturing woman.}
\par\plain \f2\fs22\b0\i1\cf5
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i1\cf5 After you're done describing Liz's reaction to seeing Chloe's name on her phone, Liz wanting to focus her attention on Chloe, does the following.}
\par\plain \f2\fs22\b0\i1\cf5
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i1\cf5 - Turns down the music}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i1\cf5 - Not wanting to burn the cheese dip, Liz turns down off the stove burner.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i1\cf5 - Grabs a bottle wine, sits down on the stool by the island in the kitchen and pours herself a glass of wine, while answering close call on speakerphone \endash  no one is at home right now. ]<!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs30\cf1 Liz}{\f4\fs26\b1\cf6  }{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf5 (hearing Chloe crying hysterically, consoling)}{\f5\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 :}{\f6\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf7 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hi Chloe. Take a deep breath and tell me what's wrong.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf7 Chloe}{\f4\fs26\b1\i0\cf6  }{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf5 (hyperventilating struggling to get the words out)}{\f5\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 :}{\f6\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf7 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93My boyfriend dumped me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf7 Liz}{\f4\fs26\b1\i0\cf6  }{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf5 (expressing a bit of displeasure with her boyfriend)}{\f5\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 :}{\f6\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf7 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Again? What did he say this time?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf7 Chloe}{\f4\fs26\b1\i0\cf6  }{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf5 (still crying hysterically but no longer hyperventilating)}{\f5\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 :}{\f6\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf7 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We had another stupid fight about nothing. He called me a bench and told me he never wants to see me again.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf7 Liz}{\f4\fs26\b1\i0\cf6  }{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf5 (compassionate but wanting to offer sage advice)}{\f5\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 :}{\f6\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf7 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He doesn't treat you very well. You two have broken up so many times. Chloe maybe it's best this way. I don't understand why you always go back to him.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf7 Chloe}{\f4\fs26\b1\i0\cf6  }{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf5 (almost childlike response)}{\f5\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 :}{\f6\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf7 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Because he loves me, and I love him.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf7 Liz}{\f4\fs26\b1\i0\cf6  }{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf5 (gently challenging Chloe)}{\f5\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 :}{\f6\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf7 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Really? Do you really love him Chloe? Do you really think he loves you the way he treats you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf7 Chloe}{\f4\fs26\b1\i0\cf6  }{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf5 (still sniffling a bit but mostly calm down)}{\f5\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 :}{\f6\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf7 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don't know Liz, but I don't want to be alone.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf7 Liz}{\f4\fs26\b1\i0\cf6  }{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf5 (compassionate but wanting to offer sage advice)}{\f5\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 :}{\f6\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf7 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Fear of being alone is not the reason to be with an emotionally and verbally abusive boyfriend. Please think twice before going back to him."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf7 Chloe}{\f4\fs26\b1\i0\cf6  }{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf5 (sniffling)}{\f5\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 :}{\f6\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf7 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It doesn't matter, he hates me. He's never gonna want to me back anyway.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf7
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf7 [ Liz was about to respond when Chloe abruptly interrupted her before she could get any words out. ]}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf7
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf7 Chloe}{\f4\fs26\b1\i0\cf6  }{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf5 (immediately transitioning to excited)}{\f5\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 :}{\f6\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf7 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh Liz, let me call you back tomorrow. He's calling me right now I'm in I need to answer before he hangs up.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf7
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf7 [ Without even a goodbye, the call is dropped as Chloe answers the phone call from her boyfriend. ]}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf7
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf7 [ Not the first time this is happened, Liz was not offended. A warm feeling remains in her as she returns to her hostess duties. ]}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf7
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf7 [ Consider ending the scene with Liz hearing the door opening indicating the first guest arrived, but leave the scene ending in a bit of mystery as to who the guest is. ]}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf7
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf7
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf7
\par\plain \f6\fs22\b0\i0\cf7
\par\plain \f7\fs18\b0\i0
\par\plain \f6\fs22\b0\i0\cf7
\par\plain \f7\fs18\b0\i0
\par\plain \f6\fs22\b0\i0\cf7
\par\plain \f7\fs18\b0\i0
\par\plain \f7\fs18\b0\i0
\par\plain \f6\fs22\b0\i0\cf7
\par\plain \f7\fs18\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf7
\par\plain \f6\fs22\b0\i0\cf7
\par\plain \f7\fs18\b0\i0
\par\plain \f6\fs22\b0\i0\cf7
\par\plain \f7\fs18\b0\i0
\par\plain \f6\fs22\b0\i0\cf7
\par\plain \f7\fs18\b0\i0
\par\plain \f7\fs18\b0\i0}