{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>The crisp autumn air swirled with the tantalizing aroma of pumpkin lattes as Maggie and Laura sat nestled at an outdoor table in front of a quaint caf\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u233\'E9. A flurry of crimson and golden leaves danced in the fading light, the remnants of the day\u8217\'92s vibrant festival lingering in the vibrant glow. Laura\u8217\'92s eyes sparkled with an unbridled excitement that contrasted starkly with Maggie\u8217\'92s own subdued gaze. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Laura leaned forward, her tone a blend of concern and gentle rebuke. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Maggie, you\u8217\'92re missing out on so much. You don\u8217\'92t even try to date anymore.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Maggie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s gaze slowly returned to her friend. She offered a wan smile, the effort evident in the lines around her eyes. \u8220\'93Dating? With my schedule? Impossible.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 A fleeting frown creased Laura\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s brow. \u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s always room for a bit of fun. You\u8217\'92re working yourself to the bone.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Maggie let out a soft sigh, her shoulders slumping slightly. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Honestly, why bother? The online scene is a bust, and the one guy I actually liked left because I was too busy. It\u8217\'92s just too much hassle.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Laura\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s voice held a note of desperation. \u8220\'93Isn\u8217\'92t there someone from one of your jobs you could casually see?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 A flicker of weariness crossed Maggie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s features. \u8220\'93Tried that. It was a complete mess.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Laura pressed relentlessly. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Surely there\u8217\'92s got to be someone catching your eye, somewhere, anywhere?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Laura\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s plea seemed to echo through the crowd, reaching ears beyond their own. A figure lingering just out of sight felt a strange jolt of recognition in her words.<!$Scr_Ps::0>}}