{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan stumbled back into the conference room, his mood a shade darker after a quick, tense chat outside. The room's atmosphere took a sharp turn as he noticed the tail end of a meaningful hug between Liz and Sarah. Liz, picking up on Evan's stormy vibes, patted his back in a silent show of support before quietly exiting, the door softly clicking shut behind her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Sarah, settling back into her chair, seemed to brace herself for what was coming. Evan, dropping into his seat opposite her, filled the room with a thick silence. They locked eyes, a silent battle of wills unfolding. Sarah's calm exterior was a stark contrast to the turmoil Evan's gaze suggested.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What do you want to know, Evan?\u8221\'94 Sarah broke the silence, her voice clear and direct, signaling she was ready for Evan's barrage of questions.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s gaze momentarily shifted to Sarah's bare hand, the absence of her wedding ring evident. The pain was clear in his voice as he unleashed a torrent of questions. \u8220\'93I want to know everything,\u8221\'94 he declared, a mix of frustration and hurt evident. \u8220\'93I want to know why you left me when everything was fine. I want to know why you refused to talk to me for three months. I want to know why you couldn\u8217\'92t at least wait until after the divorce before taking off your wedding ring. My attorney told me you\u8217\'92re only using your maiden name now. None of this makes any sense to me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Sarah leaned forward, her attempt to bridge their vast divide calm and measured. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Things weren\u8217\'92t fine. We are on different paths. We have different goals. Can\u8217\'92t you see that, Evan?\u8221\'94 she tried to make him understand.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan, however, was not convinced. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t see anything we couldn\u8217\'92t have worked out. We were getting along great. Maybe our love life wasn\u8217\'92t what it was like in college, but it was still highly active. The business we built together is thriving. The foundation we started does great work. We are making more money than we could ever spend. I think things were working quite well,\u8221\'94 he countered, clinging to the life they had built.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why do you think we thrived in the bedroom and business?\u8221\'94 Sarah prodded, aiming to spark a deeper realization in Evan.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s response was tinged with sarcasm, yet it revealed his reluctance to dive deeper into their issues. \u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know. Because we love each other and do good work?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s because those were the only things we have in common. A successful business and an active sex life masked the underlying problems in our relationship,\u8221\'94 Sarah explained, her voice carrying the weight of their unspoken truths.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What problems?\u8221\'94 Evan asked, truly at a loss.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We are completely different people. I don\u8217\'92t enjoy any of the things you enjoy and vice versa. While the company was growing and the foundation was getting off the ground, we were in sync, but not anymore,\u8221\'94 Sarah clarified, outlining the gradual disintegration of their connection.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan, visibly distressed and concerned, leaned in, seeking clarity amidst his confusion. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I know we had disagreements about what to do next in our life. I don\u8217\'92t see why we couldn\u8217\'92t work them out. You said you want to travel and have a family. That\u8217\'92s precisely what I want.\u8221\'94 His plea was heartfelt, a man grappling with the crumbling of his expectations.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Sarah, her composure unshaken yet her eyes betraying a hint of sorrow, responded with a stark honesty. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I wanted a child, not a big family. And you wouldn\u8217\'92t be the right kind of father.\u8221\'94 Her words, though gentle, were a clear delineation of their differing visions for the future.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan, taken aback, felt the sting of her words. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why would you say that? You know I love working with kids.\u8221\'94 His confusion and hurt were palpable.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Sarah, her tone both soft and resolute, sought to clarify. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Evan, I know you will be a great father one day. I\u8217\'92m not suggesting otherwise. But we have completely different ideas when it comes to raising children. I want to raise my child like I was raised.\u8221\'94 She offered a glimpse into her upbringing and how it shaped her expectations for parenthood.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93My parents may not have affectionately shown their love, but they made sure I always had what I needed and encouraged me to be the best at anything I did. Instead of playdates, I learned and grew in other ways. I like how I was raised, and I plan to raise my child in the same way,\u8221\'94 Sarah continued, her voice strengthening as she spoke of her childhood and its influence on her views.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan listened, his expression one of deep concentration, as Sarah drove her point home. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I know you, Evan. Your idea of parenting will be 90% fun and games and 10% discipline. It will be sports over academics. It will be chaotic at times. And I\u8217\'92m not saying there is anything wrong with that. It\u8217\'92s just not the kind of parenting that works for me.\u8221\'94 Her words painted a clear picture of their irreconcilable differences in parenting philosophy.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Shifting the conversation, Sarah addressed another fundamental difference. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93As far as travel. I want to travel internationally for business. I wouldn\u8217\'92t be happy if I stayed here in Chicago with you. I want to grow a company, and that\u8217\'92s just not what you want,\u8221\'94 she concluded, her voice steady and resolute, marking the depth of her need for a different life path.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s expression softened slightly, a glimmer of understanding breaking through his confusion. \u8220\'93And you don\u8217\'92t think we can find a compromise?\u8221\'94 he asked, holding onto a sliver of hope for reconciliation.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Sarah met his gaze, her eyes a wellspring of mixed emotions. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t regret my decision to get married to you instead of getting my master\u8217\'92s degree and pursuing the life I had envisioned. I\u8217\'92ve learned and grown with you in unexpected ways.\u8221\'94 Her reflection on their shared journey was tinged with both fondness and regret.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Taking a deep breath, she laid bare her truth. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But Evan, I\u8217\'92m living your life, not mine. My only friends are your friends and Liz. Chicago is not my city and not where I feel at home. Now that the company has grown to its maximum size, there\u8217\'92s nothing left for me to do. Liz has operations running like a well-oiled machine. You are doing a great job running the foundation. I need more.\u8221\'94 Her words, calm and clear, underscored her longing for a life that was authentically hers.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan, his confusion giving way to a dawning realization, finally found his voice. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t agree with anything you\u8217\'92re saying. But I see you have made up your mind. What I don\u8217\'92t see is why you left so abruptly and refused to talk to me.\u8221\'94 His bewilderment was evident, struggling to reconcile the Sarah he knew with the decisions she had made.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Sarah glanced away, gathering her courage, before locking eyes with Evan again. Her voice, barely above a whisper, carried the weight of her internal struggle. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Because Evan, you still have this power over me. You would find some way to pull out that emotional part of me. You would do something romantic or find a way to persuade me we could make it work. I knew I wouldn\u8217\'92t have had the strength to overcome that. I know this is the right decision.\u8221\'94 Her admission revealed the depth of her conflict and the strength it took to walk away from their shared life.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan, grappling with Sarah's revelations, leaned forward, his face a canvas of distress and concern. "I don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t understand why you had to go back to your maiden name so quickly," he said, emotion choking his words, "or why you stopped wearing your wedding ring before the divorce was finalized." He held up his hand, displaying his still-worn ring as a testament to his lingering commitment. "I still have mine on! Are you already in the market looking for someone else?" The questions hung between them, loaded with hurt and disbelief.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Sarah, her shame palpable, couldn't bring herself to meet his gaze, her silence speaking volumes. Evan's heart plummeted as he covered his face, overwhelmed by the enormity of their situation.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Then, in a moment of vulnerability, Sarah moved closer, squatting down to meet Evan's eyes. "Evan," she began, her voice laced with a tenderness that belied the pain of her next words, "I don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t want to hurt you. I\u8217\'92m back in college, working towards my master\u8217\'92s degree, and I was collaborating on a project with a guy near my age. We went on a couple of dates, but nothing happened, Evan. Not even a kiss." Her confession, meant to reassure, only served to underscore the finality of their separation.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan, visibly deflated, barely managed to look up as Sarah continued, explaining her platonic relationship with her classmate and her focus on her studies. The revelation did little to ease the ache in his heart.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 "So this is it? We are never going to see each other again?" Evan's voice was tinged with resignation, the reality of their parting settling in.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Sarah's response, while practical, felt like a cold closure to their years together. "We live so far apart. I doubt we\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ll run into each other. I don\u8217\'92t think it\u8217\'92s a good idea anyway."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 In a poignant moment of reflection, Evan suggested a bittersweet farewell, reminiscent of their beginning. "If this is the last time we\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re going to see each other, I think we should end the relationship like it started," he said, recalling their first kiss with a tender nostalgia.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Sarah's agreement, mirrored in her smile, was a brief respite in their emotional storm. But as they drew closer, the complexity of their feelings made a simple goodbye impossible. Sarah's panic at Evan's touch, his plea for reassurance, and their final, impassioned kiss revealed the depth of their unresolved love and the pain of their inevitable farewell.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Sarah's tearful retreat, despite her resolve, left Evan alone with his swirling emotions\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 love, sorrow, and the stark reality of letting go.}}