{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 ComicSansMS-Italic;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red170\green85\blue0;\red186\green124\blue93;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_H::2>Create a compelling part of the scene titled \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Evan is Ready to Share his Plan\u8221\'94.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 - Use the scene profile I previously provided to generate a compelling part of the scene. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 - Review chatGPT's Custom Instructions and use those instructions, guidelines, and examples to format output to my specifications. Adhere to those guidelines strictly.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 - Use the detailed information in the Scope Components section below to assist in creating a compelling scene part.}
\par\plain \f1\fs26\b0\i1\cf4
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 Scene Details:}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 - Scene Number: 7}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 - Scene Title: Evan is Ready to Share his Plan}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 - Scene Part #: Part 1 of 1}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 - Scope Components:<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>[ Typically, I will provide draft narrative paragraphs and verbatim dialogue to assist you in creating a scene. However, this is a short scene I just recently added to the outline. Using the information located in the screen profile, please write a compelling scene. You have full freedom to write the narrative. }
\par\plain {\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf5 Since there is no spoken dialogue in the scene, I would like to see some internal dialogue included. ]<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Ps::0>}}