{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red0\green108\blue175;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Maggie and Evan arrived at Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s home in Highland Park. They entered through the front door.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0>As soon as she got inside, Maggie took off her shoes and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I am never wearing those damn shoes again!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 Evan said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I have something for your feet. Have a seat in the recliner while I get you something to drink.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You have a nice place, Evan. Do you have any roommates?\u8221\'94 asked Maggie.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Nope. It\u8217\'92s just me. What will you have? I\u8217\'92ve got beer, wine, whiskey, and rum.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll answer the way my father does when asked this question.\u8221\'94 Mimicking her father\u8217\'92s thick Irish accent, Maggie quoted her father\u8217\'92s rhyme<!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \sl264\slmult1\qc\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs26\b0\i1 Some may choose wine\line But it\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s not a favorite of mine\line I prefer life a bit more risky\line Grab a glass and pour me some whiskey<!$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 Evan laughed out loud. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I love it! I\u8217\'92m normally a Jack and Coke man. But for you, I\u8217\'92ll break out the good stuff. How do you take yours?\u8221\'94 asked Evan.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Neat, please.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 Evan brought Maggie her drink, put a footstool on the floor in front of her, and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll be right back,\u8221\'94 before disappearing into his bedroom.<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan returned to the family room carrying a footbath. He was now jacketless, tieless, and he had unbuttoned a few top shirt buttons with his sleeves rolled up. Evan placed the footbath on the floor in front of Maggie and sat on the footstool.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Let me look at those feet. I see a few hot spots but no blisters yet. Put your feet in the water. It might sting a little bit at first, but I put some special powder in there that will cool your feet almost instantly,\u8221\'94 said Evan.<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Maggie placed her foot into the footbath. She felt the sting Evan had mentioned but then felt the soothing effects of the foot powder.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0>Maggie sighed in relief. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh my God, that feels so good.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I used to be a personal trainer in college, and I\u8217\'92m an avid runner and hiker. I can\u8217\'92t tell you how much pain this powder has spared my clients and me,\u8221\'94 said Evan.<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Maggie and Evan talked while Maggie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s feet soaked. After about 15 minutes, Evan went to get a towel from the closet. He wrapped Maggie\u8217\'92s feet in the towel and asked her to recline the chair. Evan then used the towel to dry her feet thoroughly. He put some foot lotion in his hands and rubbed them together before giving Maggie a foot massage.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Evan, you don\u8217\'92t have to do that. You\u8217\'92ve already done so much. My feet feel a lot better,\u8221\'94 said Maggie.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t mind. Besides, what kind of boyfriend would I be if I didn\u8217\'92t take care of my girlfriend\u8217\'92s sore feet?\u8221\'94 asked Evan.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is that what I am, Evan, your girlfriend?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know. I guess I just wanted to hear what it sounded like when I said it out loud. I\u8217\'92d like it to be that way.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Evan, I just don\u8217\'92t think I\u8217\'92m ready. This is all so new and unexpected. It\u8217\'92s not that I want to see anybody else. I don\u8217\'92t. I\u8217\'92m just nervous about applying any labels to our relationship at this point,\u8221\'94 said Maggie.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I understand,\u8221\'94 said Evan.<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Maggie and Evan continued to chat while he massaged her feet.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93When I\u8217\'92m done here, do you want to watch TV?\u8221\'94 asked Evan.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sure! What did you want to watch?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Since we started cooking lessons, I found myself binge-watching a show about America\u8217\'92s worst cooks. I\u8217\'92m down to the last couple of episodes. Do you want to watch those with me?\u8221\'94 asked Evan.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That sounds great!\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan went into the kitchen and refilled Maggie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s drink. He brought it back to her and then took the footbath back into his bedroom. He returned with one of his button-down dress shirts.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0>Evan hung the shirt on a nearby coat rack and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t have any women\u8217\'92s clothes, but I think it\u8217\'92s sexy when a woman wears a man\u8217\'92s button shirt to bed.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Thank you! That will be perfect,\u8221\'94 said Maggie.<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Maggie and Evan cuddled on the couch as they watched the finale of Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s new favorite show.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0>When the show was over, Evan said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The first room upstairs on the right is the guest bedroom. There should be toothbrushes, towels, a hairdryer, whatever you need.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Great!\u8221\'94 replied Maggie.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 Maggie and Evan kissed passionately for a while. When they had finished, Maggie said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We should probably get some sleep.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sounds good. My bedroom is down here. I\u8217\'92m going to leave the door open in case you need anything,\u8221\'94 said Evan.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 Maggie smiled and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That sounds like an invitation to me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re not gonna start begging me to sleep with you again, are you?\u8221\'94 joked Evan.<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Maggie laughed.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I only mentioned the open door because your room is haunted. The whole house is haunted, except for my bedroom.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Of course, not your bedroom,\u8221\'94 joked Maggie}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t worry. The ghosts are harmless. They are more the mischievous types that try to keep my guests awake all night.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, if I can\u8217\'92t sleep, I will know where to go,\u8221\'94 joked Maggie.<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 They enjoyed one last passionate kiss before going to their separate bedrooms.}}