{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red0\green149\blue223;\red130\green49\blue77;\red170\green64\blue101;\red76\green76\blue76;\red208\green78\blue124;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\fi-1574420\li2268919\lin2268919}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1\fi-3745\li5396\lin5396}
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{circle\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9702\'3F;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1\fi-3745\li10788\lin10788}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fs26\b0\i0\cf1\fi-15780\li22740\lin22740}
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{circle\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9702\'3F;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fs26\b0\i0\cf1\fi-15780\li45461\lin45461}{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \sa60\sb240\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs32\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_H::2>Scene Profile<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs32\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_H::2>Title:}{\f2\fs32\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> Evan's Demand for Answers<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::3>Summary:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 Evan withheld signing the divorce papers, insisting that Sarah explain her reasons for seeking the divorce. Backed by his sister Liz, Evan stood firm on this demand. Sarah, after some consideration, agreed to have a private conversation with Evan about her reasons, but only after the paperwork was signed. This arrangement set the stage for a crucial, private exchange between Evan and Sarah, marking a pivotal moment in their separation process.<!$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::3>Leading Context:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 The previous scene ended with Liz asking Evan to review the document that outlines the transfer of Sarah's ownership in the Vaughn group to Liz.<!$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::3>Setting:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 - Location:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> The conference room of Sarah's attorney's law firm.<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 - Time:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> Morning<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 - Weather/Environment:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> Stormy<!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::3>Characters Present:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 - Main Characters:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> Evan, Sarah, Liz<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 - Secondary Characters:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> Evan's moderately priced divorce attorney and Sarah's high-priced senior attorney and a junior attorney.<!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::3>Character Emotional State:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 - Evan:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> Evan is lacking any desire to read through these documents. However, he does his best to honor Liz's request for him to review the sales agreement that transfers ownership from Sarah to Liz. Evan is not his usual upbeat self. Instead he is feeling irritation and frustration due to the fact that he's agreeing to a divorce he doesn't desire and doesn't understand Sarah's reasons for ending their marriage.<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 - Sarah:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0 Sarah is struggling with feelings of guilt and regret. In this scene, she is anxious to finish the meeting. She doesn't want to see Evan in pain, and wants to return to Seattle as soon as possible. In this scene, Sarah becomes angry with the junior attorney assigned to assist with the divorce when he curses at Liz for refusing to sign the sales document. Sarah steps up in defense of Liz and shows her strength by demanding an apology in which the junior attorney complies. Ultimately, Sarah's tone turned to one of resignation as she reluctantly agrees to meet with Evan and answer all his questions if he agrees to first sign the divorce documents.<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 - Liz:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> Liz is her usual self. Steady as a rock and somehow managing to be supportive to both Sarah and Evan. However, in this scene, her support shifts strongly to Evan's side as he refused to sign anything until Sarah explains why she wants a divorce.<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 - Sarah's Junior Attorney: }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::2>Sarah's junior attorney lashes out in anger at Liz when she supports Evan and refused to sign the sales agreement until Evan's insistence that he and Sarah speak is satisfied. The lawyer is offended because, against his advice, Sarah is practically giving away her share of the company, and the lawyer feels Liz is being ungrateful.<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 - Sarah's Senior Attorney: }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::2>Sarah's senior attorney is apologetic for his colleagues behavior. However, he still intends to play hardball with Evan if Evan doesn't cooperate.<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 - Evan's Attorney: }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::2>Evans attorney is humble, but competent and has the best interests of his client at heart. Although he recognizes that Sarah's junior attorney was out of line, he acknowledges that her attorney was accurate in saying that Sarah is giving Liz a really good deal and advises him to sign the divorce documents.<!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::5><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch \f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 POV:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> Third person limited, deep (focusing on Evan)<!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::3>Dialogue Focus:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> Heavy<!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::3>Use of Internal Dialogue:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> Minimal<!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::3>Plot/Action:<!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Ps::4>I will be providing the plot action details in a separate prompt.<!$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::3>Objectives/Goals:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::6>}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li576\fi-216\sa60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 Illustrates Sarah's respect for both Evan and Liz as well as her strong exterior when she defends Liz from the attacks of her attorney and demands an apology for which she gets.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 Sarah relents and agrees to meet with Evan if he signs the divorce documents. This sets the stage for a later scene in which Evan and the reader will get some answers that may or may not satisfy their understanding of why Sarah filed for divorce.<!$Scr_Ps::6>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::3>Props/Items:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::6>}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li576\fi-216\sa60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 Sales agreement transferring ownership from Sarah to Liz<!$Scr_Ps::6>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::3>Special Instructions/Notes:<!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch \f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li576\fi-216\sa60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1  Embedded instructions within the narrative or dialogue markers are to be used for specific actions, emotions, or detailed descriptions within the scene. These can be bracketed or in parentheses. Example: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93[describe in vivid detail Liz's apartment]" or \u8220\'93Liz (smiling warmly):". }
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 When an embedded instruction is part of the dialogue marker, it may appear in parentheses instead of square brackets. Example: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Liz (playful teasing):".}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1  All dialogue provided must be used verbatim. Dialogue markers will be the character's name followed by a colon. Example: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Evan: Patti, how dare you!'".}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Text not enclosed in quotes or marked by embedded instructions should be treated as general narrative elements that are open for adaptation or expansion.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Emphasize \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93showing" over \u8220\'93telling" when possible, using descriptive imagery and action rather than plain statements.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Use Deep POV to provide an immersive reader experience. Deep POV is a close third-person narration style that offers direct access to a character's thoughts and feelings.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 In an effort to engage the reader more profoundly and connect the reader with the characters, I like for physiological expressions and internal dialogue to be included in each scene. Please consider this when writing the scene.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Important Note: The output should be in a format suitable for a published romance novel. }
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Be sure to omit the following when writing the scene:}
\par\pard\plain \tx955\tx1440\li1196\fi-256\sa60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl1{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u9702 	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Dialogue markers. Example: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Evan:"}
\par\plain \ilvl1{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u9702 	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Any embedded instructions, whether they're in brackets or parentheses.}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li576\fi-216\sa60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls3\ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Ps::6>Do NOT use bullets when writing the scene.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Do NOT use the word \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93palpable" when writing the scene.<!$Scr_Ps::6>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f2\fs26\b0\i0\cf1}