{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f5\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f6\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red186\green124\blue93;\red130\green49\blue77;\red170\green64\blue101;\red208\green78\blue124;\red139\green93\blue0;\red0\green135\blue216;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>Use the most recent scene profile I provided to generate the Beginning part of the scene. Please let me know if I need to resubmit the scene profile. Once completed, we will move on to the middle part of the scene, and then the end of the scene.<!$Scr_Cs::0>}
\par\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs32\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_H::2>}
\par\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs32\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Ps::1>Scene:}{\f3\fs32\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> Evan's Demand for Answers<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch \f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf6
\par\plain {\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 Plot/Action:<!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Ps::4>- Beginning:<!$Scr_Ps::4><$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\ltrch\loch {\f5\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 [ Enhance the paragraphs below. ]<!$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Wanting to respect Liz's request, Evan does his best to look through the sales agreement transferring ownership from Sarah to list. However, it might as well be written in a foreign language. Truth be told, Evan has done little more than peruse the countless pages of these divorce documents. He trusts his lawyer and relies heavily on his interpretation and his judgment.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Sarah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s lead attorney called for everyone\u8217\'92s attention. He announced the divorce agreement was ready to be signed. A few minor revisions had been made at the request of Evan\u8217\'92s attorney, and those sections had been highlighted. No more changes were made to the sales agreement that transferred Sarah\u8217\'92s half of the company to Liz.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Sarah, Liz, and Evan were each given documents to sign. Evan watched as Sarah signed and initialed the documents at a breakneck speed.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f6\fs26\b1\i0\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::6>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::6>}{\f1\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0> (Rebellious and upset)<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f6\fs26\b1\i0\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::6>:<!$Scr_Cs::6>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::7>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Wow, you really are anxious to get divorced. I\u8217\'92ve never seen you sign anything so fast.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::7>}
\par\plain {\f6\fs26\b1\i0\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::6>Sarah <!$Scr_Cs::6>}{\f1\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>(Frustrated)<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f6\fs26\b1\i0\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::6>:<!$Scr_Cs::6>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::7>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve already read the documents and agree to the changes your attorney made.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::7>}
\par\plain {\f6\fs26\b1\i0\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::6>Evan <!$Scr_Cs::6>}{\f1\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>(Rebellious and Steadfast)<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f6\fs26\b1\i0\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::6>:<!$Scr_Cs::6>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::7>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not signing anything until I get some answers.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::7>}
\par\plain {\f6\fs26\b1\i0\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::6>Sarah <!$Scr_Cs::6>}{\f1\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>(Pleading)<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f6\fs26\b1\i0\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::6>:<!$Scr_Cs::6>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::7>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Come on, Evan, don\u8217\'92t make this any more difficult than it has to be.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::7>}
\par\plain {\f6\fs26\b1\i0\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::6>Evan <!$Scr_Cs::6>}{\f1\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>(Rebellious and Steadfast)<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f6\fs26\b1\i0\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::6>:<!$Scr_Cs::6>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::7>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not signing, Sarah. We committed to each other when we got married, and then one day, you just moved to Seattle and refused to speak to me directly}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf9 ?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf9 <!$Scr_Cs::7>}
\par\plain {\f6\fs26\b1\i0\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::6>Sarah <!$Scr_Cs::6>}{\f1\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>(Frustrated)<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f6\fs26\b1\i0\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::6>:<!$Scr_Cs::6>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::7>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Evan, I told you it wasn\u8217\'92t working anymore.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::7>}
\par\plain {\f6\fs26\b1\i0\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::6>Evan <!$Scr_Cs::6>}{\f1\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>(Standing his ground)<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f6\fs26\b1\i0\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::6>:<!$Scr_Cs::6>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::7> \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s not good enough. I deserve better than that. I am not going to sign anything until you answer some questions.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::7>}
\par\plain \f6\fs26\b1\i0\cf8}